<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-US">
	<head>
		<title>Poetry</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:fiction">
		<article id="any-porch" epub:type="z3998:poem">
			<h2 epub:type="title">Any Porch</h2>
			<p>
				<span>“I’m reading that new thing of Locke’s⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">So whimsical, isn’t he? Yes⁠—”</span>
				<br/>
				<span>“My dear, have you seen those new smocks?</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">They’re nightgowns⁠—no more, and no less.”</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>“I don’t call Mrs. Brown <em>bad,</em></span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">She’s <em>un-</em>moral, dear, not <em>im</em>moral⁠—”</span>
				<br/>
				<span>“Well, really, it makes me so mad</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">To think what I paid for that coral!”</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>“My husband says, often, ‘Elise,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">You feel things too deeply, you do⁠—’ ”</span>
				<br/>
				<span>“Yes, forty a month, if you please,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Oh, servants impose on <em>me</em>, too.”</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>“I don’t want the vote for myself,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">But women with property, dear⁠—”</span>
				<br/>
				<span>“I think the poor girl’s on the shelf,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">She’s talking about her ‘career.’ ”</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>“This war’s such a frightful affair,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">I know for a fact, that in France⁠—”</span>
				<br/>
				<span>“I love Mrs. Castle’s bobbed hair;</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">They say that <em>he</em> taught her to dance.”</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>“I’ve heard I was psychic, before,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">To think that you saw it⁠—how funny⁠—”</span>
				<br/>
				<span>“Why, he must be sixty, or more,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">I told you she’d marry for money!”</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>“I really look thinner, you say?</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">I’ve lost all my hips? Oh, you’re <em>sweet</em>⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>“Imagine the city to-day!</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Humidity’s <em>much</em> worse than heat!”</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>“You never could guess, from my face,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">The bundle of nerves that I am⁠—”</span>
				<br/>
				<span>“If you had led off with your ace,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">They’d never have gotten that slam.”</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>“So she’s got the children? That’s true;</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">The fault was most certainly his⁠—”</span>
				<br/>
				<span>“You know the de Peysters? You <em>do?</em></span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">My <em>dear,</em> what a small world this is!”</span>
			</p>
		</article>
		<article id="the-bridge-fiend" epub:type="z3998:poem">
			<h2 epub:type="title">The Bridge Fiend</h2>
			<p>
				<span>HOW do we cut for the deal?</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">That’s so, we did it before.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Partner, we’ll beat them, I feel⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Oh, I just hate keeping score!</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Really, I don’t understand,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Under the line or above?</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Partner, just <em>look</em> at my hand!⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">I must be lucky at love.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>Partner, I haven’t a thing⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">The hearts were dealt in a lump.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Don’t tell me that was <em>your</em> king⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Well, then, I’ve wasted a trump.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Now it’s my bid, I suppose⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Goodness, who dealt me this mess?</span>
				<br/>
				<span>You made it lilies on <em>those</em>?⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Isn’t it time to progress!</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>Oh, did you see what you did?</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Why, you’re an absolute dub!</span>
				<br/>
				<span><em>Didn’t</em> you hear what I bid?</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1"><em>Couldn’t</em> you lead me a club?</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Kindly keep track of what’s played⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">What a remarkable lead!</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Tell me how many we made⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Set us three hundred? Indeed!</span>
			</p>
		</article>
		<article id="a-musical-comedy-thought" epub:type="z3998:poem">
			<h2 epub:type="title">A Musical Comedy Thought</h2>
			<p>
				<span>My heart is fairly melting at the thought of Julian Eltinge;</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">His vice versa, Vesta Tilley, too.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Our language is so dexterous, let us call them ambi-sexterous⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Why hasn’t this occurred before to you?</span>
			</p>
		</article>
		<article id="women-a-hate-song" epub:type="z3998:poem">
			<h2 epub:type="title">Women: A Hate Song</h2>
			<p>
				<span>I hate Women.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They get on my Nerves.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>There are the Domestic ones.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They are the worst.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Every moment is packed with Happiness.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They breathe deeply</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And walk with large strides, eternally hurrying home</span>
				<br/>
				<span>To see about dinner.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They are the kind</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Who say, with a tender smile, “Money’s not everything.”</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They are always confronting me with dresses,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Saying, “I made this myself!”</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They read Woman’s pages and try out the recipes.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Oh, how I hate that kind of women.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>Then there are the human Sensitive Plants</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The Bundles of Nerves.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They are different from everybody else; they even tell you so.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Someone is always stepping on their feelings.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Everything hurts them⁠—deeply.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Their eyes are forever filling with tears.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They always want to talk to me about the Real Things,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The things that Matter.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Yes, they know they could write.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Conventions stifle them.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They are always longing to get away⁠—Away from It All!</span>
				<br/>
				<span>—I wish to Heaven they would.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>Then there are the Well-Informed ones.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They are pests.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They know everything on earth</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And will tell you about it gladly.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They feel it their mission to correct wrong impressions</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They know Dates and Middle names.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They absolutely ooze Current Events.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Oh, how they bore me.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>There are the ones who simply cannot Fathom</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Why all the men are mad about them.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They say they’ve tried and tried.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They tell you about someone’s husband;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>What he said</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And how he looked when he said it.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And then they sigh and ask,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>“My dear, what is there about me?”</span>
				<br/>
				<span>—Don’t you hate them?</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>There are the unfailingly Cheerful ones.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They are usually unmarried.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They are always busy making little Gifts</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And planning little surprises.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They tell me to be, like them, always looking on the Bright Side.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They ask me what they would do without their sense of humor?</span>
				<br/>
				<span>I sometimes yearn to kill them.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Any jury would acquit me.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>I hate women.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They get on my Nerves.</span>
			</p>
		</article>
		<article id="the-gunman-and-the-debutante" epub:type="z3998:poem">
			<hgroup>
				<h2 epub:type="title">The Gunman and the Débutante</h2>
				<p epub:type="subtitle">A Moral Tale</p>
			</hgroup>
			<p>
				<span>A wild and wicked gunman⁠—one who held a gang in thrall⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">A menace to the lives of me and you,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Was counting up, exultingly, the day’s successful haul⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">As gunmen are extremely apt to do.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>A string of pearls, a switch or two, a roll of bills, a ring,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Some pocketbooks⁠—about a dozen, say⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>An emerald tiara⁠—oh, a very pretty thing!</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Yes, really, quite a gratifying day.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>A dainty little débutante came trippingly along,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">With wistful, trusting eyes of baby blue;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>She softly hummed a fragment of a most Parisienne song⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">As débutantes are very apt to do.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>That wild and wicked gunman felt he couldn’t miss the chance</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">To end his busy day triumphantly;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>“Though scarcely in the habit of attacking débutantes,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Your money or your life, my dear,” said he.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>The dainty little débutante was trembling with alarm,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Appealingly she looked him through and through,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And laid her helpless little hand upon his brawny arm⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">As débutantes are very apt to do.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Then earnestly she prayed the wicked gunman to be good,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">She begged that he’d reform that very day;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Until he dropped his wicked gun, and promised that he would,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">And bade her go her sweet and harmless way.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>The wild and wicked gunman sat considering it all.</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">“At last,” he cried, “I’ve met my Waterloo”;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>He vowed he’d give to charity the day’s successful haul⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">As gunmen are extremely apt to do.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>But when he tried to find his gains and give to those in want⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">The pocketbooks, the watches, bills and ring⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>He found, to his amazement, that the little débutante</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Had taken every solitary thing!</span>
			</p>
		</article>
		<article id="the-lady-in-back" epub:type="z3998:poem">
			<h2 epub:type="title">The Lady in Back</h2>
			<p>
				<span>I don’t know what her name is, for you see, we’ve never met;</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">I don’t know if she’s dark, or if she’s fair;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>I don’t know if she’s young or old, or rich or poor⁠—and yet</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Whatever place I chance to go, she’s there.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>I don’t know where she came from, and I don’t know where she’ll go;</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Why Fate has linked our lives I cannot see.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The world’s so full of people⁠—oh, I’d really like to know</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Why must she <em>always</em> sit in back of me?</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>She’s always right on duty when I go to see a play⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Unfailingly, she’s seen that play before.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And so she tells what’s coming, in her entertaining way⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">For me, the drama holds surprise no more.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>“Now watch, the husband enters, as I told you that he would,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">At first you’ll think he’ll shoot her, but he’ll not,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And later she goes back to him, and says that she’ll be good,”⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Obligingly she thus unfolds the plot.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>When I am at the opera, of course she’s sure to come.</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">She there adopts another policy⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The more familiar arias she feels obliged to hum,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">And always just a trifle off the key.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>But when the singers reach those heights to which she can not climb⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Oh, then I plumb the very depths of gloom!</span>
				<br/>
				<span>For, lest I be too happy, she will occupy that time</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">By long accounts of who’s in love with whom.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>I never can avoid her at the humble picture show⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Of course, the film is always one she’s seen.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Reliable as Mary’s lamb, she’s right behind, I know,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Revealing all the secrets of the screen.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>When heroes tumble over cliffs, as movie heroes will,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">And villains blow up bridges, just for fun,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>I know that she takes pleasure in extinguishing my thrill</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">By telling just exactly how it’s done.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>I really couldn’t tell you if she’s widow, maid, or wife;</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">I’ve never heard about her family;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>I don’t know who appointed her to take the joy from life,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">I can’t imagine why she sees in me.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>I often sit and think of it, and wonder why it’s so,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Why, every place that I am, she is too.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The whole wide world to choose from⁠—oh, I’d really like to know</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Why can’t she <em>sometimes</em> sit in back of you?</span>
			</p>
		</article>
		<article id="men-a-hate-song" epub:type="z3998:poem">
			<h2 epub:type="title">Men: A Hate Song</h2>
			<p>
				<span>I HATE men.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They irritate me.</span>
			</p>
			<div>
				<header>
					<p epub:type="ordinal z3998:roman">I</p>
				</header>
				<p>
					<span>There are the Serious Thinkers⁠—</span>
					<br/>
					<span>There ought to be a law against them.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>They see life, as through shell-rimmed glasses, darkly.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>They are always drawing their weary hands</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Across their wan brows.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>They talk about Humanity</span>
					<br/>
					<span>As if they had just invented it;</span>
					<br/>
					<span>They have to keep helping it along.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>They revel in strikes</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And they are eternally getting up petitions.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>They are doing a wonderful thing for the Great Unwashed⁠—</span>
					<br/>
					<span>They are living right down among them.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>They can hardly wait</span>
					<br/>
					<span>For “The Masses” to appear on the newsstands,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And they read all those Russian novels⁠—</span>
					<br/>
					<span>The sex best sellers.</span>
				</p>
			</div>
			<div>
				<header>
					<p epub:type="ordinal z3998:roman">II</p>
				</header>
				<p>
					<span>There are the Cave Men⁠—</span>
					<br/>
					<span>The Specimens of Red-Blooded Manhood.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>They eat everything very rare,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>They are scarcely ever out of their cold baths,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And they want everybody to feel their muscles.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>They talk in loud voices,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Using short Anglo-Saxon words.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>They go around raising windows,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And they slap people on the back,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And tell them what they need is exercise.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>They are always just on the point of walking to San Francisco,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Or crossing the ocean in a sailboat,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Or going through Russia on a sled⁠—</span>
					<br/>
					<span>I wish to God they would!</span>
				</p>
			</div>
			<div>
				<header>
					<p epub:type="ordinal z3998:roman">III</p>
				</header>
				<p>
					<span>And then there are the Sensitive Souls</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Who do interior decorating, for Art’s sake.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>They always smell faintly of vanilla</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And put drops of sandalwood on their cigarettes.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>They are continually getting up costume balls</span>
					<br/>
					<span>So that they can go</span>
					<br/>
					<span>As something out of the “Arabian Nights.”</span>
					<br/>
					<span>They give studio teas</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Where people sit around on cushions</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And wish they hadn’t come.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>They look at a woman languorously, through half-closed eyes,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And tell her, in low, passionate tones,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>What she ought to wear.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Color is everything to them⁠—everything;</span>
					<br/>
					<span>The wrong shade of purple</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Gives them a nervous breakdown.</span>
				</p>
			</div>
			<div>
				<header>
					<p epub:type="ordinal z3998:roman">IV</p>
				</header>
				<p>
					<span>Then there are the ones</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Who are Simply Steeped in Crime.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>They tell you how they haven’t been to bed</span>
					<br/>
					<span>For four nights.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>They frequent those dramas</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Where the only good lines</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Are those of the chorus.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>They stagger from one cabaret to another,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And they give you the exact figures of their gambling debts.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>They hint darkly at the terrible part</span>
					<br/>
					<span>That alcohol plays in their lives.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And then they shake their heads</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And say Heaven must decide what is going to become of them⁠—</span>
					<br/>
					<span>I wish I were Heaven!</span>
				</p>
			</div>
			<p>
				<span>I HATE men.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They irritate me.</span>
			</p>
		</article>
		<article id="actresses-a-hate-song" epub:type="z3998:poem">
			<h2 epub:type="title">Actresses: A Hate Song</h2>
			<p>
				<span>I HATE Actresses.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They get on my nerves.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>THERE are the Adventuresses.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They Ladies with Stories.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They wear gowns that show all their emotions,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And they simply can’t stop admitting.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The only stage properties they require</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Are a box of cigarettes and a package of compromising letters.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Their Big Scene invariably takes place in the hero’s apartment.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They are always hanging around behind screens,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And overhearing things about the heroine.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>All that saves them from being really bad</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Is that they wouldn’t know how.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Would to God they were!</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>THERE are the Wronged Ones;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The Cast-Off Mothers; Never Told Them.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>In the first act they wear pink gingham bonnets</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And believe implicitly in the stork.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Then a wild man comes home from somewhere else,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And know that there isn’t any Santa Claus.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They are always going into the night;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They faint a great deal,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And if anyone lets them get near the center of the stage</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They immediately burst into hysterics.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Unfortunately they never commit suicide until the last act⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>It’s always the audience that has to pay and pays and pays.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>THEN there are the Musical Comedy Stars;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The press-agent’s livelihood.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They gush about love⁠—in waltz time⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And they dance as if something were just about to break.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They end by appearing in a piece of court plaster</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And carrying a fan.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And then the audience has to stand up.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The band is always considered a success</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Until they climb into a flower-wreathed swing,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And swing out over the orchestra⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>O, that I might be there when the ropes break.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>AND there are the Emotional Ones;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The ones who say,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>“I’ll have two lumps of sugar in my tea, please,”</span>
				<br/>
				<span>In exactly the same tones as they deliver their hair⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>“Yes, he’ll wail murdered him!”</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They are forever tearing their hair⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>I hope it hurts them.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They are always thinking.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Usually of the hero,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They hurl themselves on the floor at his feet</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And say that they wish it were all over⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They said something.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>THEN there are the child Actresses</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Who should be seen and not heard.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They go around telling people about Heaven</span>
				<br/>
				<span>As if they were special correspondents.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They are always climbing up on innocent bystanders</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And calling them they look so sad;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They eternally bring their fathers and mothers together,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Which is always an error of judgment.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They go around patting people,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And then kneel down beside the orchestra leader,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And say their prayers to the spotlight man⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>I wish I were Commodore Gerry.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>I hate Actresses.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They get on my nerves.</span>
			</p>
		</article>
		<article id="relatives-a-hate-song" epub:type="z3998:poem">
			<h2 epub:type="title">Relatives: A Hate Song</h2>
			<p>
				<span>I hate Relatives,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They cramp my style.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>THERE are Aunts.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Even the best of us have them.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They are always popping in for little visits,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And when you ask them to stay,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They take it seriously.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They never fail to tell you how badly you look;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And they relate little anecdotes</span>
				<br/>
				<span>About friends of theirs who went into Declines.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Their conversation consists entirely of Insides;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They are never out of a Critical Condition.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They are always posing for X-Ray portraits</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Of parts of their anatomy with names like parlor-cars.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They say the doctor tells them</span>
				<br/>
				<span>That they have only one chance in a hundred⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The odds aren’t big enough.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>THEN there are In-Laws,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The Necessary Evils of Matrimony.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The only things they don’t say about you</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Are the ones they can’t pronounce.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>No matter what you do,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They know a better way to do it.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They are eternally searching your house for dust;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>If they can’t find any,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>It is a wasted day.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They are always getting their feelings hurt</span>
				<br/>
				<span>So that they can go around with martyred expressions</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And say that you will appreciate them when they’re gone⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>You certainly will.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>THERE are Nephews;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They are the lowest form of animal life.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They are forever saying bright things</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And there is no known force that can keep them</span>
				<br/>
				<span>From reciting little pieces about Our Flag.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They have the real Keystone sense of humor⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They are always firing things off in your ear,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Or pulling away the chair you are about to sit on.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Whenever you are striving to impress anyone,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They always appear</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And try out the new words they learned from the ice-man⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>I wish the Government would draft all males under ten!</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>AND then there are Husbands;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The White Woman’s Burden.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They never notice when you wear anything new⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>You have to point it out.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They tell you about the deal they put through,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Or the approach they made,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And you are supposed to get all worked up.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They are always hanging around outside your door</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And they are incessantly pulling out watches,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And saying, “Aren’t you dressed yet?”</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They were never known to be wrong;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Everything is always your fault.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And whenever you go out to have a good time,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>You always meet them⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>I wish to Heaven somebody would alienate their affections.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>I hate Relatives.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They cramp my style.</span>
			</p>
		</article>
		<article id="slackers-a-hate-song" epub:type="z3998:poem">
			<h2 epub:type="title">Slackers: A Hate Song</h2>
			<p>
				<span>I HATE Slackers</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They get on my nerves.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>THERE are the Conscientious Objectors.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They are the real German atrocities.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They go around saying, “War is a terrible thing,”</span>
				<br/>
				<span>As if it were an original line.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They take the war as a personal affront;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They didn’t start it⁠—and that lets them out.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They point out how much harder it is</span>
				<br/>
				<span>To stay at home and take care of their consciences</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Than to go and have some good, clean fun in a nice, comfortable trench.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They explain that it isn’t a matter of mere bravery;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They only wish they had the chance to suffer for their convictions⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>I hope to God they get their wish!</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>THEN there are the Socialists;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The Professional Bad Sports.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They don’t want to have any fun,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>If anybody else has more than two dollars,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They consider it a criminal offense.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They look as if the chambermaid forgot to dust them.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>There is something about their political views</span>
				<br/>
				<span>That makes them wear soiled décolleté shirts,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And they are too full of the spirit of brotherhood</span>
				<br/>
				<span>To ask any fellow creature to cut their hair.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They are always telling their troubles to the New Republic;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And forever blocking the traffic with parades.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>If anyone disagrees with them</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They immediately go on strike.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They will prove⁠—with a street corner and a soap box⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>That the whole darned war was Morgan’s fault⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Boy, page an alienist.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>THERE are the Pacifists;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They have chronic stiff necks</span>
				<br/>
				<span>From turning the other cheek.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They say they don’t believe in war⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>As if it were Santa Claus or the Stork.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They will do anything on earth to have peace</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Except go out and win it.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They are the only people</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Who disapprove of war;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Everybody else thinks it’s perfectly great⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The Allies are only fighting</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Because it keeps them out in the open air</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They know that if we’d all go around wearing lilies,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And simply refusing to fight,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The Kaiser would take his army and go right back home.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>It’s all wrong, Pershing, it’s all wrong.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>AND then there are the Men of Affairs;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The ones who are too busy to fight.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Business is too good,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And men aren’t needed yet, anyway⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Wait till the Germans come over here.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They tell you it would be just their luck</span>
				<br/>
				<span>To lose an eye or four fingers in a training camp,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And then have peace declared.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>It isn’t as if they hadn’t dependents;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Their wives’ relatives can barely buy tires for the Rolls-Royce.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Of course, they may be called in the draft,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>But they know they can easily get themselves exempted,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Because they have every symptom of hay fever⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>I wish I were head of the draft board!</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>I HATE Slackers</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They get on my nerves.</span>
			</p>
		</article>
		<article id="bohemians-a-hate-song" epub:type="z3998:poem">
			<h2 epub:type="title">Bohemians: A Hate Song</h2>
			<p>
				<span>I hate Bohemians;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They shatter my morale.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>THERE are the Artists;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The Inventors of the Nude.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They are always gesticulating with their thumbs,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And sketching, with forks, on table cloths;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They point out all the different colors in a sunset</span>
				<br/>
				<span>As if they were trying to sell it to you;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They are forever messing around with batik;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And hanging yellow tassels on things;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And stencilling everything within reach.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>I do hope that Gibson never learns what they think of him:</span>
				<br/>
				<span>It would simply break his heart.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Of course, they know that being hung in the Academy</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Is just a matter of pull.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They say that James Montgomery Flagg may stoop to mere success,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>But as for them,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Let them starve first!</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Fair enough!</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>THERE are the Writers;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The Press Agents for Sex.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They are forever exposing their inmost souls,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Their “stuff” is always “brutally frank”⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Why, they’d just as soon tell you their favorite flower.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They find their fullest expression in free verse;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They call it that</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Because they have to give it away.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They are extremely well read,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They can quote from their own works for hours⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Without a mistake.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They are always pulling manuscripts out of their pockets,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And asking you to tell them, honestly⁠—is it too daring?</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They would sit down</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And write the Great American Novel</span>
				<br/>
				<span>If they only could find a publisher Big Enough.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Oh, well⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Genius is an infinite capacity for giving pains.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>THERE are the Actors;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They always refer to themselves as “Players”.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Whenever two or three of them are gathered together</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Another little theatre comes into the world.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They are eternally leasing vacant kitchenettes</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And presenting their own dramas⁠—with Woolworth scenery.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Of course, there can be no real drama above Fourteenth Street.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>If they even walked across Times Square</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They’d feel that they had lost their amateur standing.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They ask you what you think of their technique,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And then wait for you to commit perjury.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They thank God that they never descended to commercialism;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They know that they’ll never be appreciated⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They don’t know the half of it.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>AND then there are the Radicals;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The Table D’Hôte Bolsheviki.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They are always in revolt about something.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Nothing has been done yet that they can wholly approve of.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Their existence is just like Heaven⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>There is neither marrying nor giving in marriage.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They are forever starting magazines</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And letting the Postal Authorities put the finish to them.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Their one ambition is to get themselves arrested,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>So that they can come out and be Heroes.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They are always stifled⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Always longing to loose the trivial fetters of Convention,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And go far away⁠—back to the Real⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>I wish they’d get started!</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>I hate Bohemians;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They shatter my morale.</span>
			</p>
		</article>
		<article id="oh-look-i-can-do-it-too" epub:type="z3998:poem">
			<hgroup>
				<h2 epub:type="title">“Oh, Look⁠—I Can Do It, Too”</h2>
				<p epub:type="subtitle">Showing That Anyone Can Write Modernist Verse</p>
			</hgroup>
			<section id="bacchanale" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<h3 epub:type="title">Bacchanale</h3>
				<p>
					<span>HAND in hand, we ran through the Autumn forest;</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Our laughter soaring on the wings of the mad wind;</span>
					<br/>
					<span>In and out, tracing a fantastic path,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Through the passionate, flaming dogwood</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And the slim, virginal birches,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Our lithe flashing white against the riotous background.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>The grape-leaves I twined rested lightly on your hair,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And, as we ran, you shouted snatches of wild songs⁠—</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Pagan hymns of praise to the dead gods.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>On we rushed, dizzy with the strong wine of Autumn⁠ ⁠…</span>
					<br/>
					<span>I wonder if you were married, too.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="sunday" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<h3 epub:type="title">Sunday</h3>
				<p>
					<span>A LITTER of newspapers</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Piled in smothering profusion.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Supplements sprawling shamelessly open,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Flaming their lurid contents⁠—</span>
					<br/>
					<span>“Divorced Seven Times, Will Re-Wed First Wife”,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And, “Favorite’s Account of Escape from the Harem”.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Unopened sheets of “help” advertisements;</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Editorials, crumpled in a frenzy of ennui;</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Society pages, black with lying photographs.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Endless, beginningless heaps of newspapers⁠ ⁠…</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Outside, a thin gray rain,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Falling, falling hopelessly,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>With a dull monotony of meaningless sound,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Like the voice of a minister reading the marriage service.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="the-picture-gallery" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<h3 epub:type="title">The Picture Gallery</h3>
				<p>
					<span>MY life is like a picture gallery,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>With narrow aisles wherein the spectators may walk.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>The pictures themselves are hung to the best advantage;</span>
					<br/>
					<span>So that the good ones draw immediate attention.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Now and then, one is so cleverly hung,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>That, though it seems unobtrusive,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>It catches the most flattering light.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Even the daubs are shown so skillfully</span>
					<br/>
					<span>That the shadows soften them into beauty⁠ ⁠…</span>
					<br/>
					<span>My life is like a picture gallery,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>With a few pictures turned discreetly to the wall.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="fragment" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<h3 epub:type="title">Fragment</h3>
				<p>
					<span>WE came face to face in the crowd;</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Hemmed all about by pushing, straining figures,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Berserk with the thought of getting home to dinner.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Heavy about us rose the odor of crowded humanity,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Hot in our ears sounded their polyglot curses.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>But the crowd was kind, for it pushed you into my arms,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>There you rested, one supreme moment,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Your delicate body quivering with exquisite timidity.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>We stood, we two alone, on the pinnacle of rapture,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Our souls throbbing together.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Then we were torn apart.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>But Hope leaped high within me,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>For, before you were borne away from me,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>You whispered a few shy syllables⁠—</span>
					<br/>
					<span>The answer to my feverish question⁠ ⁠…</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Why did you give me the wrong telephone number?</span>
				</p>
			</section>
		</article>
		<article id="our-office-a-hate-song" epub:type="z3998:poem">
			<hgroup>
				<h2 epub:type="title">Our Office: A Hate Song</h2>
				<p epub:type="subtitle">An Intimate Glimpse of Vanity Fair⁠—En Famille</p>
			</hgroup>
			<p>
				<span>I hate the office;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>It cuts in on my social life.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>THERE is the Art Department;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The Cover Hounds.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They are always explaining how the photographing machine works.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And they stand around in the green light</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And look as if they had been found drowned.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They are forever discovering Great Geniuses;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They never fail to find exceptional talents</span>
				<br/>
				<span>In any feminine artist under twenty-five.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Whenever the illustrations are late</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The fault invariably lies with the editorial department.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They are always rushing around looking for sketches,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And writing mysterious numbers on the backs of photographs,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And cutting out pictures and pasting them into scrapbooks,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And then they say nobody can realize how hard they are worked⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They said something.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>THEN there is the Editorial Department;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The Literary Lights.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They are just a little holier than other people</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Because they can write classics about</span>
				<br/>
				<span>“Brevity is the soul of lingerie,’ said this little chemise to itself”;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And “Here are five reasons for the success of the Broadway plays”.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They are all full of soul;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Someone is forever stepping on their temperaments.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They are constantly having nervous breakdowns</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And going away for a few weeks,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And they only come in on Saturday mornings</span>
				<br/>
				<span>To hold the franchise.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They tell you what good training editorial work is.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>But they don’t mean to stay in it⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Some day they will be Free Lances</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And write the Great Thoughts that Surge within them.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They say they only wish they could get away from the office⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>That makes it unanimous.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>THEN there is the Fashion Department;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>First Aids to Baron de Meyer.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>If any garment costs less than $485</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They think you ought to give it to the Belgians.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They look at everything you have on,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And then smile tolerantly</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And say, “Sears, Roebuck certainly do a wonderful business, don’t they?”</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They are forever taking pictures of prominent Wild Women</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Dressed as brides and kneeling at Property Altars.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And they write essays on Smart Fashions for Limited Incomes⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The sky’s the limit.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>THERE is the Boss;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The Great White Chief.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>He made us what we are to-day⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>I hope he’s satisfied.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>He has some bizarre ideas</span>
				<br/>
				<span>About his employees’ getting to work</span>
				<br/>
				<span>At nine o’clock in the morning⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>As if they were a lot of milkmen.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>He has never been known to see you</span>
				<br/>
				<span>When you arrive at 8:45,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>But try to come in at a quarter past ten</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And he will always go up in the elevator with you.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>He goes to Paris on the slightest provocation</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And nobody knows why he has to stay there so long.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Oh, well⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>You can’t expect to keep him down on the farm.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>I hate the office;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>It cuts in on my social life.</span>
			</p>
		</article>
		<article id="actors-a-hate-song" epub:type="z3998:poem">
			<h2 epub:type="title">Actors: A Hate Song</h2>
			<p>
				<span>I hate Actors;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They ruin my evenings.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>There are the Juveniles;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The Male Ingenues.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They have discovered the rôles of wealthy young sportsmen,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>So that they can come running on in white flannels,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Carrying tennis racquets, and wearing spiked shoes,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Whenever the lights go up.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They are discovered with their arms around some girl.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They wear their wrist watches with abandon on their stage wrists,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And they simply couldn’t play a scene without their cigarette cases.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They think that the three Greatest Names in American History</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Are Hart, Schaffner, and Marx.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They are constantly giving interviews to the Sunday papers</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Complaining about the carloads of mash notes they receive.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They know they have it in them to do something Really Big;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They are impatient to tackle all them that they would go far⁠—</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>There are the Movie Heroes;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The Boys Who Drove the Wild West Wild.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They were forever furling out into the sunset,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And if they can’t pose for a close-up every few feet</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They lose their company.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They wear their hair bobbed,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And always look as if they dressed by mail.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They move across the stage like a flock.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The whole troupe of supernumeraries hasn’t a chance against them.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They are just bubbling over with animal spirits⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They are continually walking up the side of houses,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Or springing from one galloping horse to another,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Or jumping out of balloons, without parachutes.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And they are so full of health that when they come on foot,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>On the extreme edge of the Grand Canyon,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>With the Arrowtipe after them, they never</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>Then there are the Tragedians;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The Ones Who Made Shakespeare famous.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They are always telling what they used to say to Booth.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And they talk about the old traditions</span>
				<br/>
				<span>As if they had collaborated on them.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They make their positively last appearance, semi-annually,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And they are just about to go on farewell tour <abbr>No.</abbr> 118397, Series <abbr class="eoc">H.</abbr></span>
				<br/>
				<span>They never appear in any rôle</span>
				<br/>
				<span>In which they have to wear long trousers.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>If they stooped to play in any drama written after 1700,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They know that Art could never be the same.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They are forever striding around the stage in trick tempests,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Wearing aluminum armor, and waving property swords,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And shrieking at Heaven to do its worst⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>I wish Heaven would kindly oblige.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>And there are the Drawing-Room Stars;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The Ones That Swing a Mean Tea-Cup.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They always appear in those dramas</span>
				<br/>
				<span>In which the Big Line is “No cream, please⁠—lemon.”</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They interest every emotion</span>
				<br/>
				<span>By tapping the left thumb-nail with the cork-tipped cigarette.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They are invariably the best-dressed men on our stage⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Their press-agent says so himself.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They are always standing in the center of the stage</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Saying cutting things about marriage;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And they hang around in property moonlight,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Making middle-aged love.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They cherish secret ambitions</span>
				<br/>
				<span>To take off their cutaways and play Hamlet!</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They know they could be great</span>
				<br/>
				<span>If the public would only give them their just due⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>If it only would!</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>I hate Actors;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They ruin my evenings.</span>
			</p>
		</article>
		<article id="our-own-home-talent" epub:type="z3998:poem">
			<h2 epub:type="title">Our Own Home Talent</h2>
			<p>
				<span>MISS ISADORA QUIGLEY pays</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Terpsichore devotion;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>In rhythmic bliss, she bends and sways⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">The true <i xml:lang="fr">vers libre</i> of motion.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>She blithely bounds o’er field and stream,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Attired with Greek simplicity,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And gives, the while, her basic scheme</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">A lot of free publicity.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Her genius is, as all agree</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Who watch her do her dances,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>An infinite capacity</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">For taking awful chances.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>You may not care for it⁠—but there!</span>
				<br/>
				<span>It keeps her in the open air.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>The name of <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">Mr.</abbr> Eustace Young,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Our author, sharp and Shavian,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Some day will be on every tongue⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Including Scandinavian.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>He has, he’s often told, a flair</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">For tense and throbbing crudity;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>On every page his soul lies bare,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">In literary nudity.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Already he is hailed as great</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">By cultural minorities,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>For all his works have been, to date,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Suppressed by the authorities.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>Our <i xml:lang="it">literati</i> have confessed</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Nothing succeeds like the suppressed.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>Now art Miss Iris Blount employs;</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Her batik and her stencil</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Express her maiden griefs and joys.</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">She swings a wicked pencil!</span>
				<br/>
				<span>In forms of cube and octagon,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Ignoring technicalities,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>She splashes her impressions on,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">In broadest generalities.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>She paints no view of moonlit glen,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">No landscape, green and grassy;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Her subjects run to gentlemen</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">And ladies, in their chassis.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>Her art, our connoisseurs imply,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Is all in the beholder’s eye.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>To down all kings and presidents</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Our <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">Mr.</abbr> Tench proposes;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>His loudly uttered sentiments</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Are redder than the roses.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>He urges anarchism’s cause</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">In terms concise, but notable;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And what he says about the laws</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Would scarcely pass as quotable.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>He pleads that marriages be few,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">While love be free, in plenty⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Which last endears him greatly to</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">The local <i xml:lang="it">cognoscenti</i>.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>His word is law, among our set,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>On rules of sovietiquette.</span>
			</p>
		</article>
		<article id="bores-a-hymn-of-hate" epub:type="z3998:poem">
			<h2 epub:type="title">Bores: A Hymn of Hate</h2>
			<p>
				<span>I hate Bores;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They take the joy out of my life.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>There are the Symptom Collectors.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They have tried every specialist once.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They go about, quoting what they said under ether;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They give readings from their fever-charts;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And they carry their cast-off appendixes with them, in bottles⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Just for old times’ sake.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They are forever showing you X-ray photographs</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Of their quaint crannies and intimate inglenooks.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They say that you can never guess what they suffer,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And then they clear up all doubts.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Every doctor tells them that their case is hopeless⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>I’ll say it is.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>Then there are the Parlor Comedians.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They have memorized the entire series</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Of history’s favorite anecdotes.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They begin by saying that they just heard a new one⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Which is the funniest line in the whole story.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They go in strongly for the kind of humor</span>
				<br/>
				<span>That requires special apparatus.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They will go miles to procure an exploding cigar</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Or a perforated drinking-glass.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They have a repertoire of sure-fire comedy hits:</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They address all waiters as “George,”</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And they love to call you on the telephone</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And say, “This is Police Headquarters speaking.”</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They save up all their witticisms for you,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And tell you how everyone nearly dies at them⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Nearly dies is right.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>There are the Gluttons for Business.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They started on a shoe string</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And worked their way up to white spats.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They are entirely self-made,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And think that everybody is clamoring for the recipe.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Their life is an open ledger;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They tell you all the inside gossip</span>
				<br/>
				<span>About invoices and bills of lading,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And illustrate their talk with diagrams</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Showing their increased output throughout the Middle West.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They relate heart-rending stories</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Of how they haven’t had a vacation in ten years,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And how they wish they could go away for a while⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And I wish they could go away from now on.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>And there are the Amateur Mediums.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They are always fooling around with the spirits.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They are constantly receiving messages from the Great Beyond</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Saying Uncle Walter is well</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And hopes everybody at home is the same.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They spend every night</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Being warned, in dreams, of their friends’ deaths.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>There is nothing that they can’t worm out of a ouija board.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They are so messy around the house;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They are always tipping tables</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And sitting around in circles, with the lights out.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They are forever seeing things and hearing knocks,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And they just know they have clairvoyant minds⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>If any.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>I hate Bores;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They take the joy out of my life.</span>
			</p>
		</article>
		<article id="with-best-wishes" epub:type="z3998:poem">
			<h2 epub:type="title">With Best Wishes</h2>
			<p>
				<span>GLAD Christmas Day once more has come⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">There’s little novelty in that.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>It’s welcomed eagerly by some,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Which isn’t to be marveled at.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Their stockings hold a house and lot</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">(I hope you gather what I mean),</span>
				<br/>
				<span>A picturesquely furnished yacht,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">A next year’s model limousine,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>A sable wrap of graceful cut,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">A sheaf of cheques for vast amounts;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>It’s not the thought that matters, but</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">The gift which goes with it that counts.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>
					<em>But <b>I’ll</b> get a multitude of seasonable cards,</em>
				</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">
					<em>A bowl full of lily bulbs, approaching their decease;</em>
				</span>
				<br/>
				<span>
					<em>A pair of gilded shoe-trees, with appropriate regards,</em>
				</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">
					<em>And a leather-bound “Evangeline,” with colored frontispiece.</em>
				</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>It’s scarcely any wonder that</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">The season finds me all unmoved,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>For Father Christmas leaves me flat⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Step-Father Christmas, it has proved.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>’Twas ever thus⁠—from early youth</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">I’ve seen my hopes decay, because</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Too soon I learned the bitter truth:</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">There isn’t any Santa Claus.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Each Yuletide mocks my touching trust;</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Though give and let give is my plea,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>It’s Christmas Day for some, but just</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">December twenty-fifth for me.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>
					<em>For <b>I’ll</b> get a paper-weight, to crush my Christmas cheer,</em>
				</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">
					<em>A hand-painted needle-case, a brace of button-hooks,</em>
				</span>
				<br/>
				<span>
					<em>A host of cordial wishes for a prosperous new year,</em>
				</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">
					<em>And a holiday edition of the “Rubaiyat,” de luxe.</em>
				</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>I’ve often heard that some there are⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">How hard such tales are to believe!⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>To prove that costlier by far</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">It is to give than to receive.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>On Christmas they present their friends</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">With motor cars, and pearls in strings,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And blocks of stock with dividends,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">And other useful little things.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Though I have no such benefits,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">I sing the Christmas spirit’s praise.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>I know the giver’s thrill⁠—for it’s</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">A poor Yule which won’t work both ways.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>
					<em>So <b>I’ll</b> give a laundry bag, of chintz refined, yet gay;</em>
				</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">
					<em>A tooth-brush container of a fanciful design,</em>
				</span>
				<br/>
				<span>
					<em>A flock of timely greetings for a snappy Christmas Day,</em>
				</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">
					<em>And a highly colored copy of “That Old Sweetheart of Mine.”</em>
				</span>
			</p>
		</article>
		<article id="invictus" epub:type="z3998:poem">
			<h2 epub:type="title">Invictus</h2>
			<p>
				<span>FARTHEST am I from perfection’s heights,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Faulty am I as I well could be,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Still I insist on my share of rights.</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">When I am dead, think this of me:</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Though I have uttered the words “Yea, bo,”</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Though I use “ain’t” to get a laugh,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Though I am wont to explain “Let’s go,”</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Though I say “You don’t know the half,”⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Black though my record as darkest jet,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Give me, I beg, my devil’s due;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Only remember, I’ve never yet</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Said, “How’s the world been treating you?”</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>“What could be sweeter?” I fondly muse;</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">“You said a mouthful,” I confess;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Witnesses testify that I use</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">“Yes, indeed,” in times of stress;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>“Oh, it’s a great life,” I loudly claim⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">“If you don’t weaken,” I amend;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>“I’ll tell the world” is my middle name;</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">“Well, how’s the boy?” I greet a friend.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>While I acknowledge each grave defect,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Still I am master of my fate⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>All that I ask you is, Recollect</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">I never said, “I’m here to state.”</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>“Yours till hell freezes,” I sign my mail;</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">“I’ll say it is,” I coyly cry;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>“What’s the good word?” is my cheery hail;</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Bidding farewell, I say “Bye-bye”;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>I demand, “How do you get that way?”</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">“Oh, have a heart,” is all my plea;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Speaking of oysters, I sadly say,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">“I like them, but they don’t like me.”</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>Humbly I own to each one of these,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Yet I atone for all my slips;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Heap me a measure of credit, please⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">“Kiddie” has never passed my lips.</span>
			</p>
		</article>
		<article id="song-of-the-open-country" epub:type="z3998:poem">
			<h2 epub:type="title">Song of the Open Country</h2>
			<p>
				<span>
					<em>When lights are low, and the day has died,</em>
				</span>
				<br/>
				<span>
					<em>I sit and dream of the countryside.</em>
				</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>Where sky meets earth at the meadow’s end,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">I dream of a clean and wind-swept space</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Where each tall tree is a stanch old friend,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">And each frail bud turns a trusting face.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>A purling brook, with each purl a pray’r,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">To the bending grass its secret tells;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>While, softly borne on the scented air,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Comes the far-off chime of chapel bells.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>A tiny cottage I seem to see,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">In its quaint old garden set apart;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And a Sabbath calm steals over me,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">While peace dwells deep in my brooding heart.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>
					<em>And I thank whatever gods look down</em>
				</span>
				<br/>
				<span>
					<em>That I am living right here in town.</em>
				</span>
			</p>
		</article>
		<article id="the-passionate-freudian-to-his-love" epub:type="z3998:poem">
			<h2 epub:type="title">The Passionate Freudian to His Love</h2>
			<p>
				<span>Only name the day, and we’ll fly away</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">In the face of old traditions,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>To a sheltered spot, by the world forgot,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Where we’ll park our inhibitions.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Come and gaze in eyes where the lovelight lies</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">As it psychoanalyzes,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And when once you glean what your fancies mean</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Life will hold no more surprises.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>When you’ve told your love what you’re thinking of</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Things will be much more informal;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Through a sunlit land we’ll go hand-in-hand,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Drifting gently back to normal.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>While the pale moon gleams, we will dream sweet dreams,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">And I’ll win your admiration,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>For it’s only fair to admit I’m there</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">With a mean interpretation.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>In the sunrise glow we will whisper low</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Of the scenes our dreams have painted,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And when you’re advised what they symbolized</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">We’ll begin to feel acquainted.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>So we’ll gaily float in a slumber boat</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Where subconscious waves dash wildly;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>In the stars’ soft light, we will say good-night⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">And “good-night!” will put it mildly.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>Our desires shall be from repressions free⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">As it’s only right to treat them.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>To your ego’s whims I will sing sweet hymns,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">And <i xml:lang="la">ad libido</i> repeat them.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>With your hand in mine, idly we’ll recline</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Amid bowers of neuroses,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>While the sun sinks rest in the great red west</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">We will sit and match psychoses.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>So come dwell a while on that distant isle</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">In the brilliant tropic weather;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Where a Freud in need is a Freud indeed,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">We’ll be always Jung together.</span>
			</p>
		</article>
		<article id="the-drama-a-hymn-of-hate" epub:type="z3998:poem">
			<h2 epub:type="title">The Drama: A Hymn of Hate</h2>
			<p>
				<span>I hate the Drama;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>It cuts in on my sleep.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>There is the Clean Play;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The one you take Aunt Etta to see</span>
				<br/>
				<span>After a day’s sightseeing in the financial district.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The hero is the man from Back Home,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>With the blameless life and the creaseless trousers⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>A real rough rhinestone.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>He may not be so strong on grammar,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>But he loves children and sleeping outdoors.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The heroine sneers at him in Act I,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>But after he has shown up the effete aristocracy,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And received news that they’ve struck oil</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Back in the Little Marigold well,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>She listens to reason.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And when the curtain falls at eleven o’clock,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They are starting out for the Great, Clean West together⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Three hours too late.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>Then there is the Comedy of Manners;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The manners provide most of the comedy.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>It is all about the goings-on in titled circles⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>How Her Grace’s handkerchief</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Was found in Sir Arthur’s diggings.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Tea flows like water,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Butlers are everywhere,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And there is practically no stint to the epigrams</span>
				<br/>
				<span>About there being two kinds of husbands:</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Your own, and the kind that is in love with you.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Everybody stands about,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Gesticulating with cucumber sandwiches,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And saying, “Oh, Lord Cyril, what a cynic you are!”</span>
				<br/>
				<span>There is always a little country ingenue</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Who tearfully goes back home in the last act,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Declaring that those society people are all rotten⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>She said it.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>There is the Farthest North performance</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Of the Play That Makes You Think⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Makes you think that you should have gone to the movies.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>It is translated from the Norwegian;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They might just as well give it to us in the original.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>All the lighting is dim</span>
				<br/>
				<span>So that the actors’ faces can scarcely be distinguished,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Which is doubtless all for the best.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The heroine is invariably Misunderstood⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Probably because of her accent.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>She is a regular little Glad Girl,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Always falling in love with an innocent bystander,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Or finding that she has married her uncle by mistake,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Or going out into the night and slamming the door.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And things come to a rousing climax</span>
				<br/>
				<span>In a nice, restful suicide, or a promising case of insanity.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>You tell ’em, Ibsen; you’ve got the Scandinavian rights.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>And there is the Allegorical Drama;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>It becomes as sounding brass or a tinkling symbol.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The critics can always find subtle shades of meaning in it⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The triumph of mind over Maeterlinck.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The actors play the parts</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Of Light, Joy, Beauty, and Imagination,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>While the audience represent Ennui and Bewilderment.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The leading character is searching for Happiness.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And after hunting through four acts, twenty-seven scenes,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And a company of three hundred, exclusive of stage-hands,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>He finally discovers it at home⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Would to Heaven he had looked there in the first place!</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>I hate the Drama;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>It cuts in on my sleep.</span>
			</p>
		</article>
		<article id="parties-a-hymn-of-hate" epub:type="z3998:poem">
			<h2 epub:type="title">Parties: A Hymn of Hate</h2>
			<p>
				<span>
					<em>I Hate Parties;</em>
				</span>
				<br/>
				<span>
					<em>They bring out the worst in me.</em>
				</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>There is the Novelty Affair,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Given by the woman</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Who is awfully clever at that sort of thing.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Everybody must come in fancy dress;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>There are always eleven Old-Fashioned Girls,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And fourteen Hawaiian gentlemen</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Wearing the native costume</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Of last season’s tennis clothes, with a wreath around the neck.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>The hostess introduces a series of clean, home games;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Each participant is given a fair chance</span>
				<br/>
				<span>To guess the number of seeds in a cucumber,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Or thread a needle against time,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Or see how many names of wild flowers he knows.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Ice cream in trick formations,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And punch like Volstead used to make</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Buoy up the players after the mental strain.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>You have to tell the hostess that it’s a riot,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And she says she’ll just die if you don’t come to her next party⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>
					<em>If only a guarantee went with that!</em>
				</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>Then there is the Bridge Festival.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The winner is awarded an arts-and-crafts hearth-brush,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And all the rest get garlands of hothouse raspberries.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>You cut for partners</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And draw the man who wrote the game.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>He won’t let bygones be bygones;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>After each hand</span>
				<br/>
				<span>He starts getting personal about your motives in leading clubs.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And one word frequently leads to another.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>At the next table</span>
				<br/>
				<span>You have one of those partners</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Who says it is nothing but a game, after all.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>He trumps your ace</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And tries to laugh it off.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>
					<em>And yet they shoot men like Elwell.</em>
				</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>There is the Day in the Country;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>It seems more like a week.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>All the contestants are wedged into automobiles,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And you are allotted the space between two ladies</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Who close in on you.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The party gets a nice early start,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Because everybody wants to make a long day of it⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They get their wish.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Everyone contributes a basket of lunch;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Each person has it all figured out</span>
				<br/>
				<span>That no one else will think of bringing hard-boiled eggs.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>There is intensive picking of dogwood,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And no one is quite sure what poison ivy is like;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They find out by the next day.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Things start off with a rush.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Everybody joins in the old songs,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And points out cloud effects,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And puts in a good word for the color of the grass.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>But after the first fifty miles,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Nature doesn’t go over so big,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And singing belongs to the lost arts.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>There is a slight spurt on the homestretch,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And everyone exclaims over how beautiful the lights of the city look⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>
					<em>I’ll say they do.</em>
				</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>And there is the informal little Dinner Party;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The lowest form of taking nourishment.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The man on your left draws diagrams with a fork,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Illustrating the way he is going to have the new sun-parlor built on;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And the one on your right</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Explains how soon business conditions will be better, and why.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>When the more material part of the evening is over,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>You have your choice of listening to the Harry Lauder records,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Or having the hostess hem you in</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And show you the snapshots of the baby they took last summer.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Just before you break away,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>You mutter something to the host and hostess</span>
				<br/>
				<span>About sometime soon you must have them over⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>
					<em>Over your dead body.</em>
				</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>
					<em>I Hate Parties;</em>
				</span>
				<br/>
				<span>
					<em>They bring out the worst in me.</em>
				</span>
			</p>
		</article>
		<article id="love-song" epub:type="z3998:poem">
			<h2 epub:type="title">Love Song</h2>
			<p>
				<span>Suppose we two were cast away</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">On some deserted strand,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Where in the breeze the palm trees sway⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">A sunlit wonderland;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Where never human footstep fell,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Where tropic love-birds woo,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Like Eve and Adam we could dwell,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">In paradise, for two.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Would you, I wonder, tire of me</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">As sunny days went by,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And would you welcome joyously</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">A steamer?⁠ ⁠… So would I.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>Suppose we sought bucolic ways</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">And led the simple life,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Away⁠—as runs the happy phrase⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">From cities’ toil and strife.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>There you and I could live alone,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">And share our hopes and fears.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>A small-town Darby and his Joan,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">We’d face the quiet years.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>I wonder, would you ever learn</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">My charms could pall on you,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And would you let your fancy turn</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">To others?⁠ ⁠… I would, too.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>Between us two (suppose once more)</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Had rolled the bounding deep;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>You journeyed to a foreign shore,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">And left me here to weep.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>I wonder if you’d be the same,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Though we were far apart,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And if you’d always bear my name</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Engraved upon your heart.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Or would you bask in other smiles,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">And, charmed by novelty,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Forget the one so many miles</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Away?⁠ ⁠… That goes for me.</span>
			</p>
		</article>
		<article id="idyl" epub:type="z3998:poem">
			<h2 epub:type="title">Idyl</h2>
			<p>
				<span>Think of the things that can never come true⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Save in the shadowy country of dreams.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Think of what might be, for me and for you,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Could we but shatter the world’s sorry schemes.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Think of our own little vine-covered nest;</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Each day, at sunset, I’d wait for you there,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Down by the gate, in the glow of the west,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Dressed all in white, with a rose in my hair.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Think of a chair, softly-cushioned and wide;</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Think of a hearth, where the red firelight dies;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Think of me sitting there, close by your side,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Reading the stories writ deep in your eyes.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Think of the years, like an unending song,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Think of a quiet we never have known.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>While, all forgotten, the world rolls along,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Think of us two, in a world of our own.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>Now that you’ve thought of it seriously⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Isn’t it great that it never can be?</span>
			</p>
		</article>
		<article id="movies-a-hymn-of-hate" epub:type="z3998:poem">
			<h2 epub:type="title">Movies: A Hymn of Hate</h2>
			<p>
				<span>I hate Movies;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They lower my vitality.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>There is the Great Spectacle.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>No press-agent admits</span>
				<br/>
				<span>That it is the most remarkable picture ever made.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The story is taken from history,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>But the scenario writer smoothes things over a little,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And makes Cleopatra Antony’s wife,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Or has Salome marry John the Baptist,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>So that you can bring the kiddies.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The management compiles vital statistics</span>
				<br/>
				<span>About the size of the cast:</span>
				<br/>
				<span>How the entire population of California</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Takes part in the battle scenes;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And where the beads worn by the star would reach</span>
				<br/>
				<span>If placed end to end.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The audience sits panting</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And says, “Think what it must have cost to produce it!”</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Think what could have been saved by not producing it!</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>Then there is the Picture with Sex Appeal;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The appeal is still unanswered.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The production goes to show</span>
				<br/>
				<span>That bad taste, off the screen,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Is still in its infancy.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>It seeks to reveal the depths to which society has fallen,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And it proves its point.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>It gives glimpses of Night Life in the Great City:</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The revelers are shown wearing fancy paper hats,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And marching in lockstep around the table,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And shamelessly performing the two-step.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The characters are always driving home in motors</span>
				<br/>
				<span>To the Public Library, or Senator Clark’s house.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The interiors are designed</span>
				<br/>
				<span>By the man who decorates dentists’ waiting-rooms.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The star is a prominent vampire</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Who is a nice, sweet girl when she is at home,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And supports an indulgent husband</span>
				<br/>
				<span>In the style to which he has become accustomed;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The wages of sin is $3,500 a week.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>There is the High Art Production:</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They charge three dollars a seat for it⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>That’s where they get the “high.”</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The photography is always tricky;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The actors seem to be enveloped in a dense fog,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And that goes for the plot, too.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>There is some idea of an allegorical strain running through it,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>So that, whenever things are beginning to get good,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And the heroine is just about to fall,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The scene changes</span>
				<br/>
				<span>To a panorama of storm clouds,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Or a still-life study of apple blossoms,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Or a view of Hong-Kong harbor by moonlight.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Every few minutes, there is a close-up of the star</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Registering one of her three expressions.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The sub-titles offer positive proof</span>
				<br/>
				<span>That there is a place where bad metaphors go when they die.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The critics agree unanimously</span>
				<br/>
				<span>That the picture removes all doubt</span>
				<br/>
				<span>As to whether movies should be classed among the arts⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Removes all doubt is right.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>And there is the News of the Week.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>It is assembled on the principle</span>
				<br/>
				<span>That no news is good news.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>It shows all the big events in current history:</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The paperweight manufacturers’ convention in Des Moines;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The procession of floats during Anti-Litter Week in Topeka;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And the sailors of the U. S. S. Mississippi</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Grouped to form the words “E Pluribus Unum.”</span>
				<br/>
				<span>There is always a view of a wrecked schooner,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Enabling the pianist to oblige with “Asleep in the Deep.”</span>
				<br/>
				<span>When they have a chance to show a picture of a fire</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They color it a mean shade of red.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Before you can get a good look at the event before you,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The scene changes to a new one</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Leaving the fate of the people in the last picture hanging⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>It’s too good for them.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>I Hate Movies;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They lower my vitality.</span>
			</p>
		</article>
		<article id="to-my-dog" epub:type="z3998:poem">
			<h2 epub:type="title">To My Dog</h2>
			<p>
				<span>I often wonder why on earth</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">You rate yourself so highly;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>A shameless parasite, from birth</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">You’ve lived the life of Reilly.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>No claims to fame distinguish you;</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Your talents are not many;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>You’re constantly unfaithful to</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Your better self⁠—if any.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Yet you believe, with faith profound,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">The world revolves about you;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>May I point out, it staggered ’round</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">For centuries without you?</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>In beauty, you’re convinced you lead,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">While others only follow.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>You think you look like Wallace Reid,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Or, at the least, Apollo.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The fatal charms with which you’re blest,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">You fancy, spell perfection;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The notion, may I not suggest,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Is open to correction?</span>
				<br/>
				<span>An alien streak your tail betrays;</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Your ears aren’t what they would be;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Your mother was⁠—forgive the phrase⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">No better than she should be.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>One can but feel your gaiety</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Is somewhat over-hearty;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>You take it on yourself to be</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">The life of every party.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>In bearing, while no doubt sincere,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">You’re frankly, too informal.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And mentally, I sometimes fear,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">You’re slightly under normal.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The least attention turns your brain,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Repressions slip their tether;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Pray spare your friends the nervous strain</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">And pull yourself together!</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>You take no thought for others’ good</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">In all your daily dealings,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>I ask you, as a mother would,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Where <em>are</em> your finer feelings?</span>
				<br/>
				<span>I think I’ve seldom run across</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">A life so far from lawful;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Your manners are a total loss,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Your morals, something awful.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Perhaps you’ll ask, as many do,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">“What I endure your thrall for?”</span>
				<br/>
				<span>’Twas ever thus⁠—it’s nothing new</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">That women always fall for.</span>
			</p>
		</article>
		<article id="absence" epub:type="z3998:poem">
			<h2 epub:type="title">Absence</h2>
			<p>
				<span>I never thought that heav’n would lose its blue</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">And sullen storm-clouds mask the gentle sky;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>I never thought the rose’s velvet hue</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Would pale and sicken, though we said good-by.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>I never dreamed the lark would hush its note</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">As day succeeded ever-drearier day,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Nor knew the song that swelled the robin’s throat</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Would fade to silence, when you went away.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>I never knew the sun’s irradiant beams</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Upon the brooding earth no more would shine,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Nor thought that only in my mocking dreams</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Would happiness that once I knew be mine.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>I never thought the slim moon, mournfully,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Would shroud her pallid self in murky night.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Dear heart, I never thought these things would be⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">I never thought they would, and I was right.</span>
			</p>
		</article>
		<article id="lyric" epub:type="z3998:poem">
			<h2 epub:type="title">Lyric</h2>
			<p>
				<span>How the arrogant iris would wither and fade</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">If the soft summer dew never fell,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And the timid arbutus that hides in the shade</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Would no longer make fragrant the dell!</span>
				<br/>
				<span>All the silver-flecked fishes would languish and die</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Were it not for the foam-spangled streams;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Little brooks could not flow, without rain from the sky;</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Nor a poet get on without dreams.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>If the blossoms refused their pale honey, the bees</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Must in idleness hunger and pine;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>While the moss cannot live, when it’s torn from the trees,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Nor the waxen-globed mistletoe twine.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Were it not for the sunshine, the birds wouldn’t sing,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">And the heavens would never be blue.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>But of all Nature’s works, the most wonderful thing</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Is how well I get on without you.</span>
			</p>
		</article>
		<article id="song-for-the-first-of-the-month" epub:type="z3998:poem">
			<h2 epub:type="title">Song for the First of the Month</h2>
			<p>
				<span>Money cannot fill our needs,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Bags of gold have little worth;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Thoughtful ways and kindly deeds</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Make a heaven here on earth.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Riches do not always score,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Loving words are better far.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Just one helpful act is more</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Than a gaudy motor car.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Happy thoughts contentment bring</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Crabbed millionaires can’t know;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Money doesn’t mean a thing⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">
					<em>Try to tell the butcher so!</em>
				</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>None can stretch his life an hour</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Though he offer boundless wealth;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Money, spite of all its pow’r,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Cannot purchase ruddy health.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Simple pleasures are the best,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Riches bring but misery,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Homely hearts are happiest,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Joy laughs loud at poverty.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Pity those in Mammon’s thrall,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Poor, misguided souls are they.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Money’s nothing, after all⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">
					<em>Make the grocer think that way!</em>
				</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>Greatest minds the world has known</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">All agree that gold is dross.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Man can’t live by wealth alone;</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Bank books are a total loss.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Banish strife and greed and gloom,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Throw off money’s harsh control,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Sow good deeds, and watch them bloom⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Hyacinths, to feed the soul.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Hoard no pelf, lest moth and rust</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Do their work and leave you flat.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Money? It is less than dust⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">
					<em>Laugh the landlord off with that!</em>
				</span>
			</p>
		</article>
		<article id="fulfilment" epub:type="z3998:poem">
			<h2 epub:type="title">Fulfilment</h2>
			<p>
				<span>I do not sit and sigh for wealth untold,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">It never thrusts itself into my schemes;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>I shrink from all your piles of clanking gold⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Better my sparkling hoard of golden dreams.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>A life of limousined and jeweled ease</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Is but a round of fathomless <i xml:lang="fr">ennui</i>.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Your motor cars, your pearls, your sables⁠—these</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Are naught to me.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Better a homely flat in Harlem’s wilds</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Than costly living’s spurious benefits;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Better a simple butter-cake at Childs’</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Than caviar and stalled ox at the Ritz.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Your unearned gold, to me, is shot with flaws;</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">A life of honest toil I’d make my lot⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Which really makes it very nice, because</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">It’s what I’ve got.</span>
			</p>
		</article>
		<article id="lynn-fontanne" epub:type="z3998:poem">
			<h2 epub:type="title">Lynn Fontanne</h2>
			<p>
				<span>Dulcy, take our gratitude.</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">All your words are gold ones,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Mistress of the platitude,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Queen of all the old ones.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>You, at last, are something new</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">’Neath the theatre’s dome. I’d</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Mention to the cosmos, you</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Swing a wicked bromide.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Heroines we’ve known, to date,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Scattered scintillations</span>
				<br/>
				<span>(Courtesy the Wilde estate)</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Through their conversations.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Polished line and sparkling jest⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">They’ve provided plenty.</span>
				<br/>
				<span><em>Dulcy’s</em> bromides brought us rest⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1"><em>Dulcy</em> far niente.</span>
			</p>
		</article>
		<article id="to-marjorie-rambeau" epub:type="z3998:poem">
			<hgroup>
				<h2 epub:type="title">To Marjorie Rambeau</h2>
				<p epub:type="subtitle">In “Daddy’s Gone A-Hunting”</p>
			</hgroup>
			<p>
				<span>If all the tears you shed so lavishly</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Were gathered, as they left each brimming eye,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And were collected in a crystal sea,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">The envious ocean would curl up and dry⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>So awful in its mightiness, that lake,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">So fathomless, that clear and salty deep.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>For, oh, it seems your gentle heart must break,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">To see you weep.</span>
				<br/>
				<br/>
				<span>We try to tell ourselves it isn’t true,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">We strive to feel that dawn must follow dark,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>We strain to hold the thought that, off-stage, you</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Are happy as the widely-mentioned lark.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>But, though you wring our feelings to their cores,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Our devastated hearts you seem to keep.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>For, oh, we pack the theatre to its doors</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">To see you weep.</span>
			</p>
		</article>
		<article id="christmas-1921" epub:type="z3998:poem">
			<h2 epub:type="title">“Christmas, 1921”</h2>
			<p>
				<span>I do not ask you for presents rare,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Other-world trove of forgotten metals;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Orchids that opened to jungle air,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Tropical hate in their writhing petals;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Onyx and ebony, black as pain,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Carved with a patience beyond believing;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Perfumes, to harry the startled brain;</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Laces that women have died in weaving;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Cool-tinted pearls from the ocean, where</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Grotures of dolorous green regret them.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>I do not ask you for presents rare.⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Dearest, I know that I wouldn’t get them.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>Give me your love, on this Christmas Day.</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Give me your thoughts, when the chimes are ringing.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Send me the happier along my way.</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Deep in my soul let your words be singing.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Give me your wishes, as bells sound clear,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Charming the air with their golden measure.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Give me your hopes for the unborn year.</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Fill up my heart with a secret treasure.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Give me the things that you long to say.</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">All of your tenderest dreams unfetter.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Give me your love, on this Christmas Day.⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">But come across, please, when times get better.</span>
			</p>
		</article>
		<article id="marilyn-miller" epub:type="z3998:poem">
			<h2 epub:type="title">Marilyn Miller</h2>
			<p>
				<span>FROM the alley’s gloom and chill</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Up to fame danced <em>Sally</em>,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Which was nice for her, but still</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Rough upon the alley.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>How it must regret her wiles,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">All her ways and glances,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Now the theatre owns her smiles,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Sallies, songs, and dances.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Ever onward <em>Sally</em> goes⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Life’s one thing that’s certain.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>O’er the end of other shows</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Let us draw a curtain.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Their untimely ends are sad,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">But they stood no chances,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>For, you see, they never had</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1"><em>Sally’s</em> songs and dances.</span>
			</p>
		</article>
		<article id="books-a-hymn-of-hate" epub:type="z3998:poem">
			<h2 epub:type="title">Books: A Hymn of Hate</h2>
			<p>
				<span>I Hate Books:</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They tire my eyes</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>THERE is the Account of Happy Days in Far Tahiti;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The booklet of South Sea Island resorts.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>After his four weeks in the South Seas,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The author’s English gets pretty rusty</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And he has to keep dropping into the native dialect.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>He implies that his greatest hardship</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Was fighting off the advances of the local girls,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>But the rest of the book</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Was probably founded on fact.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>You can pick up a lot of handy information</span>
				<br/>
				<span>On how to serve poi,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And where the legend of the breadfruit tree got its start,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And how to take kava or let it alone.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The author says it’s the only life</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And as good as promises</span>
				<br/>
				<span>That sometime he is going to throw over his writing,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And go end his days with Laughing Sea-pig, the half-caste Knock-out⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Why wait?</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>THEN there is the Little Book of Whimsical Essays;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Not a headache in a libraryful</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The author comes right out and tells his favorite foods,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And how much he likes his pipe,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And what his walking-stick means to him⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>A thrill on every page.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The essays clean up all doubt</span>
				<br/>
				<span>On what the author feels when riding in the subway,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Or strolling along the Palisades.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The writer seems to be going ahead on the idea</span>
				<br/>
				<span>That it isn’t such a bad old world, after all;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>He drowses along</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Under the influence of Pollyanesthetics.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>No one is ever known to buy the book;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>You find it on the guest room night-table,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Or win it at a Five Hundred Party,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Or someone gives it to you for Easter</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And follows that up by asking you how you liked it⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Say it with raspberries!</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>THERE is the novel of Primitive Emotions;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The Last Word in Unbridled Passions⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Last but not leashed.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The author writes about sex</span>
				<br/>
				<span>As if he were the boy who got up the idea.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The hero and heroine may be running wild in the Sahara,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Or camping informally on a desert island,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Or just knocking around the city,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>But the plot is always the same⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They never quite make the grade.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The man turns out to be the son of a nobleman,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Or the woman the world’s greatest heiress,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And they marry and go to live together⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>That can’t hold much novelty for them.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>It is but a question of time till the book is made into a movie,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Which is no blow to its writer.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>People laugh it off</span>
				<br/>
				<span>By admitting that it may not be the highest form of art;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>But then, they plead, the author must live⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>What’s the big idea?</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>AND then there is the Realistic Novel;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Five hundred pages without a snicker.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>It is practically an open secret</span>
				<br/>
				<span>That the book is two dollars’ worth of the author’s own experiences,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And that if he had not been through them,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>It would never have been written,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Which would have been all right with me.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>It presents a picture of quiet family life⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Of how little Rosemary yearns to knife Grandpa,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And Father wishes Mother were cold in her grave,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And Bobby wants to marry his big brother.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The author’s idea of action</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Is to make one of his characters spill the cereal.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The big scene of the book</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Is the heroine’s decision to make over her old taffeta.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>All the characters are in a bad way;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They have a lot of trouble with their suppressions.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The author is constantly explaining that they are all being stifled⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>I wish to God he’d give them the air!</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>I Hate Books:</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They tire my eyes</span>
			</p>
		</article>
		<article id="fragment" epub:type="z3998:poem">
			<h2 epub:type="title">Fragment</h2>
			<p>
				<span>Why should we set these hearts of ours above</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">The rest, and cramp them in possession’s clutch?</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Poor things, we gasp and strain to capture love,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">And in our hands, it powders at our touch.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>We turn the fragrant pages of the past,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Mournful with scent of passion’s faded flow’rs,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>On every one we read, “Love cannot last,”⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">So how could ours?</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>It is the quest that thrills, and not the gain,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">The mad pursuit, and not the cornering:</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Love caught is but a drop of April rain,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">But bloom upon the moth’s translucent wing.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Why should you dare to hope that you and I</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Could make love’s fitful flash a lasting flame?</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Still, if you think it’s only fair to try⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Well, I am game.</span>
			</p>
		</article>
		<article id="figures-in-popular-literature-the-sheik" epub:type="z3998:poem">
			<h2 epub:type="title">Figures in Popular Literature: The Sheik</h2>
			<p>
				<span>The desert chieftain here behold,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">The Dempsey of the Nile.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>He knocks the lady readers cold</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">And cramps their husbands’ style.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The heroine reels back for more.</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">They play like happy kids⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>He tells his love, then knocks her for</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">A row of pyramids.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>She revels in his gallant deeds;</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Her passions higher mount</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Each time he languidly proceeds</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">To drop her for the count.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They marry in the end⁠—they do</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">In all such compositions⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And now, no doubt, he’ll knock her through</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Another twelve editions.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>So if you’d knock the ladies dead,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Just use your right and go ahead.</span>
			</p>
		</article>
		<article id="figures-in-popular-literature-the-flapper" epub:type="z3998:poem">
			<h2 epub:type="title">Figures in Popular Literature: The Flapper</h2>
			<p>
				<span>The playful flapper here we see,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">The fairest of the fair.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>She’s not what Grandma used to be⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">You might say, <i xml:lang="fr">au contraire</i>.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Her girlish ways may make a stir,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Her manners cause a scene,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>But there is no more harm in her</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Than in a submarine.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>She nightly knocks for many a goal</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">The usual dancing men.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Her speed is great, but her control</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Is something else again.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>All spotlights focus on her pranks,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">All tongues her prowess herald,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>For which she well may render thanks</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">To God and Scott Fitzgerald.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>Her golden rule is plain enough⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Just get them young and treat them rough.</span>
			</p>
		</article>
		<article id="chantey" epub:type="z3998:poem">
			<h2 epub:type="title">Chantey</h2>
			<p>
				<span>A wet sheet and a straining sail,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">And a sea of shifting blue;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>A wide sky and a rousing gale,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">And joy in the heart of you;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>A clean line, where the sky hangs low</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">And a seagull soars and dips;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And the old voice that bids men go⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Go down to the sea in ships.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>So go and sail the gold sea, the bold sea, the cold sea,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">The waving, craving, raving sea that’s fringed with silken foam;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Oh, go and sail the green sea, the keen sea, the mean sea⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">But if it’s all the same to you, I’ll stick around at home.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>The swift turn of the night-wind’s whim,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">And the twang of hempen strings;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The sharp snap of the halyards slim,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">And the spray that cuts and stings.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The wild chorus the breezes hum,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">And the waves that prowl and creep;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And the old voice that bids men come⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Come over the tameless deep.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>So go and sail the white sea, the light sea, the bright sea,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">The dashing, crashing, smashing sea, that dances in the gale;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Go on and sail the sad sea, the bad sea, the mad sea⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">But if it’s just the same to you, I’d rather be in jail.</span>
			</p>
		</article>
		<article id="moral-tales-for-the-young-1" epub:type="z3998:poem">
			<h2 epub:type="title">Moral Tales for the Young [1]</h2>
			<p>
				<span>Maude, the brightest of the sex,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Forged her daddy’s name to checks,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Took them to the local banks,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Cashed them, with a smile of thanks.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>All the money came in handy⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Maudie was so fond of candy!</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Weight she gained in way affrighting,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>So she’s given up her writing.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>Save the money, when you forge;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Little ladies do not gorge.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>Don, the little apple-cheek,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Sold his aunt’s blue-ribbon Peke,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Sneaked it out of Auntie’s house,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Hidden in his sailor blouse.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Donald planned to spend his earnings</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Gratifying all his yearnings.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>But the chance for pleasure slipped him,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>For the doggie’s buyer gypped him.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>If they can’t complete the deal,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Nicer children do not steal.</span>
			</p>
		</article>
		<article id="valentines" epub:type="z3998:poem">
			<h2 epub:type="title">Valentines</h2>
			<section id="valentines-princess-mary-and-viscount-lascelles">
				<h3 epub:type="title">Princess Mary and Viscount Lascelles</h3>
				<p>
					<span>Here behold, and likewise lo,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Princess Mary and her beau.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Bright her cheek with maiden blush;⁠—</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Shall we say a royal flush?</span>
					<br/>
					<span>How we’ve watched their love’s ascents</span>
					<br/>
					<span>In the Sunday supplements!</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Blessings for the happy pair;</span>
					<br/>
					<span>For their photographs⁠—the air!</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="valentines-mr-david-wark-griffith">
				<h3 epub:type="title">Mr. David Wark Griffith</h3>
				<p>
					<span>Look, and you will surely find</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Right above, the Master Mind.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>(Just a nickname of his own</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Which he worked up all alone.)</span>
					<br/>
					<span>He it was who made, they say,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Movies what they are today;</span>
					<br/>
					<span>This the goal for which he’s tried⁠—</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Lord, I hope he’s satisfied!</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="valentines-mr-david-belasco">
				<h3 epub:type="title">Mr. David Belasco</h3>
				<p>
					<span>Often in the local press</span>
					<br/>
					<span>On your kindness you lay stress.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Love’s the basis of your art,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>So you say⁠—that is, in part.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Frequently you tell us of</span>
					<br/>
					<span>How devotedly you love</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Actors, public, critics, too⁠ ⁠…</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Echo answers, “Yes, you do.”</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="valentines-mr-calvin-coolidge">
				<h3 epub:type="title">Mr. Calvin Coolidge</h3>
				<p>
					<span>“Ah,” we said; and eke “At last.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Things won’t be as in the past;</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Once vice-presidents were nil,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>But our Fighting Calvin will</span>
					<br/>
					<span>All such precedents destroy.”</span>
					<br/>
					<span>“Ah,” we said; and “Atta boy!”⁠ ⁠…</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Now we wonder dolefully</span>
					<br/>
					<span>What’s become of Calvin C.?</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="valentines-dr-frank-crane">
				<h3 epub:type="title">Dr. Frank Crane</h3>
				<p>
					<span>Daily you distribute praise</span>
					<br/>
					<span>‘Mong clean books and wholesome plays.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Honest toil and hard-earned gold,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Kindness to the weak and old;</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Where would all the virtues be</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Without such publicity?</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Wealth untold you’re paid, per line.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Won’t you be my Valentine?</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="valentines-mr-avery-hopwood">
				<h3 epub:type="title">Mr. Avery Hopwood</h3>
				<p>
					<span>How you must have loved, when small,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Chalking words upon a wall!</span>
					<br/>
					<span>“Ladies’ Night” we owe to you,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>“Getting Gertie’s Garter,” too.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Gaily gath’ring royalties</span>
					<br/>
					<span>On your bedroom phantasies,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Ever heavier grows your purse</span>
					<br/>
					<span>As you go from bed to worse.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="valentines-mr-florenz-ziegfeld">
				<h3 epub:type="title">Mr. Florenz Ziegfeld</h3>
				<p>
					<span>Still we’re groggy from the blow</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Dealt us⁠—by the famous Flo;</span>
					<br/>
					<span>After 1924,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>He announces, nevermore</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Will his shows our senses greet⁠—</span>
					<br/>
					<span>At a cost of five per seat.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Hasten, Time, your onward drive⁠—</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Welcome, 1925!</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="valentines-mr-john-wanamaker">
				<h3 epub:type="title">Mr. John Wanamaker</h3>
				<p>
					<span>On the advertising page</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Scintillates our dry goods sage.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Not a text that Honest John</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Cannot write a sermon on.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Readers live from day to day</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Just to see what he will say.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>“Have you seen his last?” they cry.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>“Would to God I had,” say I.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
		</article>
		<article id="the-far-sighted-muse" epub:type="z3998:poem">
			<h2 epub:type="title">The Far-Sighted Muse</h2>
			<p>
				<span>Dark though the clouds, they are silver-lined;</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">(<i>This is the stuff that they like to read.</i>)</span>
				<br/>
				<span>If Winter comes, Spring is right behind;</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">(<i>This is the stuff that the people need.</i>)</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Smile, and the World will smile back at you;</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Aim with a grin, and you cannot miss;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Laugh off your woes, and you won’t feel blue.</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">(<i>Poetry pays when it’s done like this.</i>)</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>Whatever is, is completely sweet;</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">(<i>This is the stuff that will bring in gold.</i>)</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Just to be living’s a perfect treat;</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">(<i>This is the stuff that will knock them cold.</i>)</span>
				<br/>
				<span>How could we, any of us, be sad?⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Always our blessings outweigh our ills;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Always there’s something to make us glad.</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">(<i>This is the way you can pay your bills.</i>)</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>Everything’s great, in this good old world;</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">(<i>This is the stuff they can always use.</i>)</span>
				<br/>
				<span>God’s in His heaven, the hill’s dew-pearled;</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">(<i>This will provide for the baby’s shoes.</i>)</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Hunger and War, do not mean a thing;⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Everything’s rosy, where’er we roam;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Hark, how the little birds gaily sing!</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">(<i>This is what fetches the bacon home.</i>)</span>
			</p>
		</article>
		<article id="figures-in-popular-literature-the-drab-heroine" epub:type="z3998:poem">
			<h2 epub:type="title">Figures in Popular Literature: The Drab Heroine</h2>
			<p>
				<span>There was a time, as doubtless you’re</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Enabled to recall,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>When heroines of literature</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Were not like this at all.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Their hair was heaped in glinting curls,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Their forms were wondrous fair,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And when it came to sex, the girls</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Admittedly were there.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>To-day, toward woolen lingerie</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">The lady’s thoughts are turned,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And sex is in its infancy</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">So far as she’s concerned.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>A kitchen drudge, whom all ignore,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">She leads a life entrancing</span>
				<br/>
				<span>As Cinderella’s was, before</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">She took up ballroom dancing.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>Abandon hope, and learn to cook,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And you will figure in a book.</span>
			</p>
		</article>
		<article id="paging-saint-patrick" epub:type="z3998:poem">
			<h2 epub:type="title">Paging Saint Patrick</h2>
			<p>
				<span>The good Saint Patrick, in his day,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Performed a worthy act:</span>
				<br/>
				<span>He up and drove the snakes away,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">With more technique than tact.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Could he descend from realms above</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">And roam about New York,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>He’d find it reminiscent of</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">The good old days in Cork.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The snakes he knew could never tie</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">The brand our village has⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The kind that daily multiply</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">And thrive on tea and jazz.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>Should he his tales of snakes relate</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">We’d strive to hide a laugh;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>For, though the saint was wise and great,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">He didn’t know the half.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Where’er he’d go, to dine or dance,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Or lunch, or tea, or sup,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The saint would have a splendid chance</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">To do some cleaning up.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Could he but leave his present star,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">He’d see that things were changed;⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>How sad such little visits are</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Not easily arranged!</span>
			</p>
		</article>
		<article id="mood" epub:type="z3998:poem">
			<h2 epub:type="title">Mood</h2>
			<p>
				<span>Unless I yield my love to you, you swear</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">In strangely distant countries must you dwell;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Denied this heart of mine, you could not bear</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">These dear, familiar scenes we’ve loved so well.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>To-morrows that will come, you could not face</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">With only pain to bear you company,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Among the whispering memories of this place,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">The little, intimate things that speak of me.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>Where mighty mountains rear their cruel height,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">The world between us, would you dwell, apart;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Where curious peace, that comes with tropic night,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Answers the bitter question of your heart.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The lilac bush, that bends with bloom in May,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">The winding path, the arbor where we sat,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>These things should know you nevermore, you say⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Ah, love, if I could only count on that!</span>
			</p>
		</article>
		<article id="triolets" epub:type="z3998:poem">
			<h2 epub:type="title">Triolets</h2>
			<p>
				<span>Herewith I send you my heart.</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Marking it “Fragile⁠—don’t break it.”</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Rather a radical start⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Herewith I send you my heart;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Take it, I beg, in good part</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">(That is, assuming you’ll take it).</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Herewith I send you my heart,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Marking it “Fragile⁠—don’t break it.”</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>Take me, or let me alone⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">What, after all, does it matter?</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Ever my feelings you’ve known;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Take me, or let me alone⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Though, I might readily own,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">I’d recommend you the latter.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Take me, or let me alone⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">What, after all, does it matter?</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>Sweet, I have waited too long;</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Heedless and wanton I’ve tarried.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Silenced forever my song⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Sweet, I have waited too long,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Bitter the hemlock, and strong⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Now you have gone and got married!</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Sweet, I have waited too long;</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Heedless and wanton, I’ve tarried.</span>
			</p>
		</article>
		<article id="figures-in-popular-literature-the-western-hero" epub:type="z3998:poem">
			<h2 epub:type="title">Figures in Popular Literature: The Western Hero</h2>
			<p>
				<span>This hero ranks among the best⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">He’s Nature’s rugged child.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>You’ve heard about the woolly West?</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">’Twas he who drove it wild.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Observe that he is dressed to kill</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">(Forgive the pun, I pray),</span>
				<br/>
				<span>In pranks like this he finds a thrill⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">He’s simply full of play.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>In his revolver terrors lurk;</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">His aim’s a deadly one.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Could Annie Oakley see his work,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">She’d throw away her gun.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>He trifles not with woman’s love,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">In spite of his virility,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>For he’s a charter member of</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">The natural nobility.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>He shoots to kill and aims to please;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Our books are filled with such as these.</span>
			</p>
		</article>
		<article id="the-younger-set-a-hymn-of-hate" epub:type="z3998:poem">
			<h2 epub:type="title">The Younger Set: A Hymn of Hate</h2>
			<p>
				<i>I <strong>hate</strong> the Younger Set:</i>
				<br/>
				<i>They harden my arteries.</i>
			</p>
			<p>There are the Boy Authors;<br/>
			The ones who are going to put <i>belles lettres</i> on their feet.<br/>
			Every night before they go to sleep<br/>
			They kneel down and ask H. L. Mencken<br/>
			To bless them and make them good boys.<br/>
			They are always carrying volumes with home-cut pages,<br/>
			And saying that after all, there is only one Remy de Gourmont;<br/>
			Which doesn’t get any dissension out of me.<br/>
			They shrink from publicity<br/>
			As you or I would<br/>
			From the gift of a million dollars.<br/>
			At the drop of a hat<br/>
			They will give readings from their works⁠—<br/>
			In department stores,<br/>
			Or grain elevators,<br/>
			Or ladies’ dressing-rooms.<br/>
			It is pretty hard to get them to show you their work;<br/>
			Sometimes you even have to ask them to.<br/>
			They are constantly backing you into corners,<br/>
			And asking you to glance over some little things<br/>
			That they just dashed off in a spare year⁠—<br/>
			Read ’em and weep!</p>
			<p>Then there are the Male Flappers;<br/>
			<span>The Usual Dancing Men.</span><br/>
			They can drink one straight Orange Pekoe after another,<br/>
			And you’d never know that they had had a thing.<br/>
			Four débutante parties a night is bogie for them,<br/>
			And their talk is very small indeed.<br/>
			They never claimed to go so big at a desk,<br/>
			But they can balance a plate of chicken salad, a cup of bouillon,<br/>
			And a guest-room-size napkin,<br/>
			And make gestures with the other hand.<br/>
			They are mean boys when the orchestra starts;<br/>
			They work in so many wise steps<br/>
			That you can’t tell whether it’s a waltz or a track-meet.<br/>
			No one can tie them, at a charity entertainment;<br/>
			They say they have often been told<br/>
			That with their talent<br/>
			And the way they can wear clothes<br/>
			They are simply wasting their time on the amateur stage⁠—<br/>
			I can’t give them any argument on that one.</p>
			<p>There are the Black Sheep;<br/>
			<span>The Boys with the Nasty Records.</span><br/>
			They are always giving you glimpses of the darker side of life⁠—<br/>
			Telling you what time they got to bed yesterday morning,<br/>
			And how many people passed out cold,<br/>
			And where they went from there.<br/>
			They virtually admit<br/>
			That if they ever turned over a new leaf<br/>
			The bootlegging industry would go straight to smash.<br/>
			They are so inured to alcohol,<br/>
			That as soon as they’ve had one cocktail,<br/>
			They want to go right out and address the Senate.<br/>
			They are always consulting little red notebooks,<br/>
			Containing names, telephone numbers, and authors’ notes,<br/>
			And it is an open secret that they have met an actress.<br/>
			They tell you they know they are going the pace that kills,<br/>
			And then they laugh bitterly,<br/>
			And say, “But what does it matter?”⁠—<br/>
			They took the words right out of my mouth.</p>
			<p>And there are the Heavy Thinkers;<br/>
			<span>The Gluttons for Head-Work.</span><br/>
			They have got up a lot of novel ideas<br/>
			About everybody having a right to live his own life,<br/>
			And about marriage being just a few words<br/>
			Muttered over you by a minister.<br/>
			They say that there may be<br/>
			Some Supreme Force back of the universe;<br/>
			They will look into that when they get the time.<br/>
			Just stand back and give them room,<br/>
			And they will drop the conventions for the count.<br/>
			They are pretty low in their minds about America;<br/>
			They hint that its civilization<br/>
			Is practically plucking at the coverlet,<br/>
			And that the Other Side is the only place for intellectuals⁠—<br/>
			<i xml:lang="fr">Bon voyage!</i></p>
			<p>
				<i>I hate the Younger Set;</i>
				<br/>
				<i>They harden my arteries.</i>
			</p>
		</article>
		<article id="to-myrtilla-on-easter-day" epub:type="z3998:poem">
			<h2 epub:type="title">To Myrtilla, on Easter Day</h2>
			<p>
				<span>Myrtilla’s tripping down the street,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">In Easter finery.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The Easter blooms are not more sweet</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">And radiant-hued than she.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The rarest woodland violets were</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Less fragrant than her frills,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The sunny-tinted hair of her</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Would shame the daffodils.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Ah, many a heart-beat halts and skips,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">And sighs pursue her way,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>As down the street Myrtilla trips,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">This joyous Easter Day.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>Myrtilla’s tripping gaily by,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">In Easter garb arrayed.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Ah, would the lads as deeply sigh</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">For any other maid?</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The lads, they come from far and near,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">When down the street she starts;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Oh, lightly step, Myrtilla dear⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Your path is strewn with hearts.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The maids are held in envy’s grips,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">For they are left, forlorn,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>As down the street Myrtilla trips,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">This glorious Easter morn.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>Ah, well may echo, sweet as love,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Her laugh’s delicious lilt,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>For sure she knows the power of</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Her Easter bonnet’s tilt;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>A master wrought, with tender care,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Each dainty frill and flounce;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The fragrance of her, cool and rare,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Costs thirty-five per ounce.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Parisian rouge defines her lips,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">And pearls her throat bedeck⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>As down the street Myrtilla trips,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">I hope she breaks her neck!</span>
			</p>
		</article>
		<article id="figures-in-popular-literature-the-glad-girl" epub:type="z3998:poem">
			<h2 epub:type="title">Figures in Popular Literature: The Glad Girl</h2>
			<p>
				<span>This child of curious tendencies</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">To your acquaintance add.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Her smile is permanent, for she’s</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">The gladdest of the glad.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Come battle, famine, flood, or fire,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">The cheery little one</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Accepts it as her heart’s desire,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">And says, “Ain’t we got fun?”</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>The joy of living fills her cup;</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Of hope, she’s never rid.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Imagine how she’d brighten up</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Your household⁠—God forbid!</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The bitter ills her fortunes send</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">She sprinkles smiles galore on;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>It seems to me our little friend</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Is something of a moron.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>But if I had her author’s pelf,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>I’m sure that I’d be glad, myself.</span>
			</p>
		</article>
		<article id="figures-in-popular-literature-the-boy-savant" epub:type="z3998:poem">
			<h2 epub:type="title">Figures in Popular Literature: The Boy Savant</h2>
			<p>
				<span>Behold, in all his native state,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Dispensing truths profound,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The gifted undergraduate,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">The learned campus hound.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>His reading fills his youthful head</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">With thoughts that throb and hum,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>For Nietzsche, as is often said,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Abhors a vacuum.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>In lighter moments, he’s the man</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">That fills the flappers’ dreams;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>He’d make the All-American⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">If there were petting teams.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>His self-regard is scarcely small,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">His conservation shows it;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Just ask him anything at all⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">For he’s the boy that knows it.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>Oh, youth verbose, our feelings spare⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>For God, for country, and forbear!</span>
			</p>
		</article>
		<article id="moral-tales-for-the-young-2" epub:type="z3998:poem">
			<h2 epub:type="title">Moral Tales for the Young [2]</h2>
			<p>
				<span>Little Gormley stole a purse,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Took it from his crippled nurse.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>It was quite a lucky touch⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>She’d been saving for a crutch.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>So our hero, for a starter,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Bought a seat for “Gertie’s Garter,”</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Spent in vain his gains unlawful⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>For he thought the show was awful!</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>When <i>you</i> plunder Nursie’s hoard,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Spend it where you won’t be bored.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>Gracie, with her golden curls,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Took her mother’s string of pearls,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Figuring⁠—as who would not?⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>It would pawn for quite a lot.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Picture, then, her indignation</span>
				<br/>
				<span>When she found it imitation!</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Though her grief she tries to smother,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Grace can’t feel the same towards Mother!</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>All pretence and sham detest;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Work for nothing but the best.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>Earnest⁠—such a little man!⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Got his family’s sedan,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Drove it over hill and dale⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Just escaped the county jail⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Maimed, in his exhilaration,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Folk of spotless reputation.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>But his trip with gloom was tainted⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Now the car must be repainted!</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>Strive to keep the death-rate low⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Think how high repair bills go!</span>
			</p>
		</article>
		<article id="poem-in-the-american-manner" epub:type="z3998:poem">
			<h2 epub:type="title">Poem in the American Manner</h2>
			<p>
				<span>I dunno yer highfalutin’ words, but here’s th’ way it seems</span>
				<br/>
				<span>When I’m peekin’ out th’ winder o’ my little House o’ Dreams;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>I’ve ben lookin’ ‘roun’ this big ol’ world, as bizzy as a hive,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>An’ I want t’ tell ye, neighbor mine, it’s good t’ be alive.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>I’ve ben settin’ here, a-thinkin’ hard, an’ say, it seems t’ me</span>
				<br/>
				<span>That this big ol’ world is jest about as good as it kin be,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>With its starvin’ little babies, an’ its battles, an’ its strikes,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>An’ its profiteers, an’ hold-up men —th’ dawggone little tykes!⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>An’ its hungry men that fought fer us, that nobody employs,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>An’ I think, “Why, shucks, we’re jest a lot o’ grown-up little boys!”</span>
				<br/>
				<span>An’ I settle back, an’ light my pipe, an’ reach fer Mother’s hand,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>An’ I wouldn’t swap my peace o’ mind fer nothin’ in the land;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Fer this world uv ours, that jest was made fer folks like me an’ you</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Is a purty good ol’ place t’ live⁠—say, neighbor, ain’t it true?</span>
			</p>
		</article>
		<article id="thoughts" epub:type="z3998:poem">
			<h2 epub:type="title">Thoughts</h2>
			<p>
				<span>Yes, my love, I think about you</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">In the morning’s roseate flush;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Heavy hang the clouds, without you,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Sullen seems the dawning’s blush.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>In the slender, graceful grasses,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Silver-tipped with sparkling dew,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>In the woodland’s shadowy masses</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">All that I can see is you.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>When the noon-day sun is burning,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Hot the scented air, and clear,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Then to you my thoughts are turning,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">And I would that you were here.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Then I dream that, happy vagrants,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">We are wandering hand in hand</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Through the lanes of light and fragrance</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Into Summer’s fairyland.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>When the weary sun in sinking,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">And the blossoms close, in rest,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Then of you, my love, I’m thinking,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">As I watch the brilliant west.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>When the little stars show faintly</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">In the Maxfield Parrish sky,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>When the moon gleams, cold and saintly,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Then to you my fancies fly.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>When the frightened owls are calling,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">And the sombre midnight reigns,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Thick and fast the shades come crawling,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Like the thoughts of fevered brains,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>When life trembles at the brink of</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Death’s unfathomable deep,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>You’re the last thing that I think of⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Goodness knows, I need some sleep.</span>
			</p>
		</article>
		<article id="fantasy" epub:type="z3998:poem">
			<h2 epub:type="title">Fantasy</h2>
			<p>
				<span>Did we love each other, sweetest,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Skies would be forever blue;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Time would flutter by on fleetest</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Wings of glittering golden hue.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Joy beyond a poet’s telling</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Should we learn the meaning of;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Arcady would be our dwelling⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Did we love.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>Did we love each other, darling,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Banished ugliness and gloom;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Ever sweet would pipe the starling,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Ever gay the rose would bloom.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Care and trouble could not find us,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Bliss untold would be our lot.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>But, one scarcely need remind us,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">We do not.</span>
			</p>
		</article>
		<article id="men-im-not-married-to" epub:type="z3998:poem">
			<h2 epub:type="title">Men I’m Not Married To</h2>
			<p>
				<span>No matter where my route may lie,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>No matter where I repair,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>In brief⁠—no matter how or why</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Or when I go, the boys are there.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>On lane and byway, street and square,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>On alley, path and avenue,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They seem to spring up everywhere⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The men I am not married to.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>I watch them as they pass me by;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>At each in wonderment I stare,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And “But for heaven’s grace,” I cry,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>“There goes the guy whose name I’d bear!”</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They represent no species rare,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They walk and talk as others do;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They’re fair to see⁠—but only fair⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The men I am not married to.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>I’m sure that to a mother’s eye</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Is each potentially a bear;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>But though at home they rank ace-high,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>No change of heart could I declare.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Yet worry silvers not their hair;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They deck them not with sprigs of rue.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>It’s curious how they do not care⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The men I am not married to.</span>
			</p>
			<div>
				<header>
					<p xml:lang="fr">L’Envoi</p>
				</header>
				<p>
					<span>In fact, if they’d a chance to share</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Their lot with me, a lifetime through,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>They’d doubtless tender me the air⁠—</span>
					<br/>
					<span>The men I am not married to.</span>
				</p>
			</div>
		</article>
		<article id="woodland-song" epub:type="z3998:poem">
			<h2 epub:type="title">Woodland Song</h2>
			<p>
				<span>The hothouses’ offerings, costly and rare,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Cannot ape the forget-me-not’s blue;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Blooms forced to perfection can’t hope to compare</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">With the lowly anemone’s hue.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The humble wild rose, unassuming and meek,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Must have stolen the setting sun’s glow;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The blushes which play o’er its delicate cheek</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Are of tints that no palette may know.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>
					<i>No matter how lovely these flowers may be,</i>
				</span>
				<br/>
				<span>
					<i>Gardenias and orchids look better to me.</i>
				</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>The purple-eyed violet, fragrantly cool,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Spends its beauty extravagantly.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The waxen-white lily that sleeps on the pool</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Gives its loveliness lavishly free.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Their glorious petals the poppies unfold</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">For whoever may happen to pass,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And Nature, made mad by the buttercups’ gold,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Flings it wantonly over the grass.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>
					<i>But my favorite blossoms, I’m here to aver,</i>
				</span>
				<br/>
				<span>
					<i>Are American Beauties at five dollars per.</i>
				</span>
			</p>
		</article>
		<article id="rondeau-1" epub:type="z3998:poem">
			<h2 epub:type="title">Rondeau [1]</h2>
			<p>
				<span>It isn’t fair, to me, when you’re away.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>In vain the clouds their brightest hues display,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Sweet Summer dons in vain her gladdest guise⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">The vision falls but coldly on my eyes;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The sky seems draped in melancholy gray.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>Though never bloomed the roses half so gay,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Though never half so radiant shone the day,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">This loveliness my stubborn heart denies;</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i3">It isn’t fair.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>And do you, also, sing a minor lay?</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Do you to bitter yearnings fall a prey?</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">“Well, no,” frank Echo honestly replies,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">“In fact, it is distinctly otherwise.”</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And that, my dear, is why again I say</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i3">It isn’t fair.</span>
			</p>
		</article>
		<article id="day-dreams" epub:type="z3998:poem">
			<h2 epub:type="title">Day-Dreams</h2>
			<p>
				<span>We’d build a little bungalow,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">If you and I were one,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And carefully we’d plan it, so</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">We’d get the morning sun.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>I’d rise each day at rosy dawn</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">And bustle gaily down;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>In evening’s cool, you’d spray the lawn</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">When you came back from town.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>A little cook-book I should buy,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Your dishes I’d prepare;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And though they came out black and dry,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">I know you wouldn’t care.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>How valiantly I’d strive to learn,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Assured you’d not complain!</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And if my finger I should burn,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">You’d kiss away the pain.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>I’d buy a little scrubbing-brush</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">And beautify the floors;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>I’d warble gaily as a thrush</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">About my little chores.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>But though I’d cook and sew and scrub,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">A higher life I’d find;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>I’d join a little women’s club</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">And cultivate my mind.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>If you and I were one, my dear,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">A model life we’d lead.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>We’d travel on, from year to year,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">At no increase of speed.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Ah, clear to me the vision of</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">The things that we should do!</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And so I think it best, my love,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">To string along as two.</span>
			</p>
		</article>
		<article id="figures-in-popular-literature-the-great-lover" epub:type="z3998:poem">
			<h2 epub:type="title">Figures in Popular Literature: The Great Lover</h2>
			<p>
				<span>I’m sure you’ve met this lad before;</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">His work is fast, though rough.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>He feels that all is fair in war⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">In love, it’s fair enough.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>His tale the Vice-Suppressor takes,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">And drinks in every word</span>
				<br/>
				<span>(A single swallow never makes</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">A Summer, we have heard).</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>Our hero lived in ages gone⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">The days of bright romance.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>We read about his goings-on</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">And sigh, “So this is France!”</span>
				<br/>
				<span>You must concede, the boy was good</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Among the local ladies;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>But his intentions toward them would</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Not pave the streets of Hades.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>How sweet to read of days of old</span>
				<br/>
				<span>When knights, to say the least, were bold!</span>
			</p>
		</article>
		<article id="rosemary-1" epub:type="z3998:poem">
			<h2 epub:type="title">Rosemary [1]</h2>
			<p>
				<span>Ah, no, I dare not lose myself in dreams</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Of that dead day we ne’er shall know again;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>So pitifully brief a while it seems,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">So sharp the thought of you, as you were then.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The poignant memories of little things⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">A flower in your coat, a frock I wore;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The wistful autumns, and the troubling springs⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">I dare not let them come to me once more.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>The tender gloamings, when we two would stray</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Where locusts hung their frothy blooms above;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The violets⁠—like my eyes, you used to say;</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">The rustic bridge, where first you spoke of love;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The words we whispered, while the summer breeze</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Fluttered the grasses with its scented breath;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Ah, no, I dare not summon thoughts like these;</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">I’m so afraid I’d laugh myself to death.</span>
			</p>
		</article>
		<article id="song-1" epub:type="z3998:poem">
			<h2 epub:type="title">Song [1]</h2>
			<p>
				<span>And shall we build a little nest</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">In Arcady, in Arcady,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Where we can settle down and rest</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">In sweet security;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>A place where sunbeams cast their spell,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">And shadows play, and shadows play,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Where you and I and Love can dwell</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Forever and a day?</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>And shall we go there, you and I,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">In poppy time, in poppy time,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>When fluffy cloudlets dot the sky</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">And clustered roses climb?</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And shall we watch the seasons wane,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">And come and go, and come and go,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And welcome April’s golden rain,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">And hail December’s snow?</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>And will no other ever find</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Our garden spot, our garden spot?</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And shall we leave the world behind</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">And count it well forgot?</span>
				<br/>
				<span>There boundless peace can come to us,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">But trouble can’t, but trouble can’t.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And shall we live forever thus?</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">You bet your life we shan’t.</span>
			</p>
		</article>
		<article id="summer-resorts-a-hymn-of-hate" epub:type="z3998:poem">
			<h2 epub:type="title">Summer Resorts: A Hymn of Hate</h2>
			<p>
				<span>I <em>hate</em> Summer Resorts;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They ruin my vacation.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>There is the Seaside Hotel.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The booklets say that it is right on the water,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And they aren’t much over quarter-of-a-mile out of the way.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>You are never at a loss for something to do;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>You can go down by the waves</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And watch the gentleman in sneakers</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Trying out his Little Admiral water-wings,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Or you can sit on the porch</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And listen to the lady in the next rocker</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Explain that this is the first Summer she has ever been to a place</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Where the rates were less than fifteen dollars a day.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>There is always lots of excitement down on the beach⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Group photographs are constantly being taken,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And posses are being formed to find the person or persons</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Who took the garters out of bathhouse number 38</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And if you play your cards right,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>You may be able to find a dead horseshoe crab.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The more highly-strung guests take you aside and tell you</span>
				<br/>
				<span>How much they were moved to them,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And how they wish they could stay there beside it for ever and ever⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>In the old church.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span><em>And</em> then there is the place where you can get back to Nature.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Or even better.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>You may find her.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>When electric lights were regarded as Edison’s Folly,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And the surface of plumbing had only been scratched,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And the proprietor hasn’t got around to making any objections,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>You can stand on the shore and think things over,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Otherwise you would think it was an old-fashioned rock garden.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Planted with all the flowers mentioned in Shakespeare’s works,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And a few not.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>You will find a course three counties to the left.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The guests are like one big family⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Just like that.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>You sit at the table with a lady from Montclair</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Who tells you all the trouble that Janice has had with her toenails,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Everyone says how restful it all is,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And how it seems as if the city must be a thousand miles away⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>It’s an underestimate.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span><em>There</em> is the Synthetic Newport;</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Luke-warm Dog!</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The life is pretty fairly speedy;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Many of the young married set inhale right out in public,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Silver frequently changes hands after the bridge game,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And you’d almost think the cocktails were made of the real stuff⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>That goes for the whole works.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Extra-marital affection is generally indulged in;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>If you sit down next to your own husband,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>It’s all over the country club that you are insanely jealous of him.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The revelers have their intellectual side, too;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>There is scarcely one of them that hasn’t read “The Sheik.”</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They are the first to concede that they are hitting things up.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They say that there won’t be a thing left of them</span>
				<br/>
				<span>If they keep up the pace all Summer⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Stay with ’em, boys!</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span><em>And</em> then there is the Mountain Resort;</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">The Home of American Scenery.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>You can go yodling up Old Baldy⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Five hundred feet above sea level⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Or you can collect postcard views of Lovers’ Leap,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>To pass around among your friends on Winter evenings.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>You can’t conscientiously call it a Summer</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Until you get a good, clear day</span>
				<br/>
				<span>When you can figure out Washington’s profile in the peaks⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>You can see a better one on a two-cent stamp</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Even when it’s raining.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The gossip on the porch keeps you right on the edge of your seat;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>One transient tells how he is pretty sure he saw a trout jump,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And hardly has the uproar died down</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Before someone else claims to have found some genuine maidenhair fern.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The guests are seldom without a kind word for the landscape,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And they have nothing but praise to offer the air⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>It’s all theirs.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>I hate Summer Resorts;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>They ruin my vacation.</span>
			</p>
		</article>
		<article id="grandfather-said-it" epub:type="z3998:poem">
			<h2 epub:type="title">Grandfather Said It</h2>
			<p>
				<span>When I was but a little thing of two, or maybe three,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>My granddad⁠—on my mother’s side⁠—would lift me on his knee;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>He’d take my thumb from out my mouth and say to me: “My dear,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Remember what I tell you when you’re choosing a career:</span>
			</p>
			<blockquote>
				<p>
					<span>“Take in laundry work; cart off dust;</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Drive a moving van if you must;</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Shovel off the pavement when the snow lies white;</span>
					<br/>
					<span>But think of your family, and please don’t write.”</span>
				</p>
			</blockquote>
			<p>
				<span>When I was two I cannot say his counsel knocked me cold,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>But now it all returns⁠—for, darling, I am growing old,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And when I read the writings of the authors of today</span>
				<br/>
				<span>I echo all those golden words that grandpa used to say:</span>
			</p>
			<blockquote>
				<p>
					<span>“Clean out ferryboats; peddle fish;</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Go be chorus men if you wish;</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Rob your neighbors’ houses in the dark midnight;</span>
					<br/>
					<span>But think of your families, and please don’t write.”</span>
				</p>
			</blockquote>
		</article>
		<article id="monody" epub:type="z3998:poem">
			<h2 epub:type="title">Monody</h2>
			<p>
				<span>Slowly the roses droop and die;</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">(Where is the love we knew of old?)</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Slowly the sun-bright days go by.</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">(Little white love, so cold, so cold.)</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Dark are the leaves on the weary ground,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Sad are the winds in the still, gray glen;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Slowly the year goes its listless round</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Over again.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>Somewhere the sunbeams dance and play;</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">(Where is the love that used to thrill?)</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Somewhere the riotous roses sway.</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">(Little white love, so still, so still.)</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Somewhere the skies of young April shine</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Bright as the heavens we prayed to then</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Somewhere you’re pulling the same old line</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Over again.</span>
			</p>
		</article>
		<article id="somewhat-delayed-spring-song" epub:type="z3998:poem">
			<h2 epub:type="title">Somewhat Delayed Spring Song</h2>
			<p>
				<span>Crocuses are springing,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Birds are lightly winging,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Corydon is singing</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">To his rustic lute;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Sullen winter passes,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Shepherds meet their lasses,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Tender-tinted grasses</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Shoot.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>All the world’s a-thrilling,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Meadow larks are shrilling,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Little brooks are trilling,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">You, alone, are mute;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Why do you delay it?</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Love’s a game⁠—let’s play it,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Go ahead and say it⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Shoot!</span>
			</p>
		</article>
		<article id="sonnet-1" epub:type="z3998:poem">
			<h2 epub:type="title">Sonnet</h2>
			<p>
				<span>Sweeter your laugh than trill of lark at dawn,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">As marble richly gleams, so shines your throat.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>The grace of you would shame the pale young fawn;</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Rather than walk, like silken down you float.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Lighter your touch than fall of April rain;</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Cooler your cheek than petal washed with dew.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Whene’er you speak, all gladness and all pain</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Speak also, in the throbbing voice of you.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Like blossom on its stem is poised your head,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Wrapped closely round about with fragrant bands.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>As roses’ passionate hearts, your mouth is red;</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Like lilies in the wind, your long white hands.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Brighter the glance of you than summer star;</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">But, lady fair, how awful thick you are!</span>
			</p>
		</article>
		<article id="to-a-lady" epub:type="z3998:poem">
			<h2 epub:type="title">To a Lady</h2>
			<p>
				<span>Lady, pretty lady, delicate and sweet,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Timorous as April, frolicsome as May,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Many are the hearts that lie beneath your feet</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">As they go a-dancing down the sunlit way.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>Lady, pretty lady, blithe as trilling birds,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Shy as early sunbeams plays your sudden smile.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>How you quaintly prattle lilting baby words,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Fluttering your helpless little hands the while!</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>Lady, pretty lady, bright your eyes and blue,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Who could be a-counting all the hearts they broke?</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Not a man you meet that doesn’t fall for you;</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Lady, pretty lady, how I hope you choke!</span>
			</p>
		</article>
		<article id="memories" epub:type="z3998:poem">
			<h2 epub:type="title">Memories</h2>
			<p>
				<span>Once, you say, we felt love’s blisses</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">When the world was not so wise;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Once, you say, you knew my kisses</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Under Babylonian skies.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>There fulfilled our scorching passion,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">There we pledged our tender vow⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Strange we meet in this cold fashion</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Here and now.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>Maybe you were, as you’ve stated,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Fooling round in Babylon;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Maybe you participated</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">In the local goings-on.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Maybe things like that befell you,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Ages past. But anyhow,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>I was never there, I’ll tell you</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Here and now.</span>
			</p>
		</article>
		<article epub:type="z3998:poem">
			<h2 epub:type="title">Promise</h2>
			<p>
				<span>Love beyond my maddest dreaming</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">You have sworn you’ll show to me;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>You will guide me to the gleaming,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Reeling heights of ecstasy.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Dizzier joy than else could reach me,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Fiercer bliss and wilder thrill,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>All of this some day you’ll teach me,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Y-e-e-s you will!</span>
			</p>
		</article>
		<article epub:type="z3998:poem">
			<h2 epub:type="title">Rondeau [2]</h2>
			<p>
				<span>Give me a rose, cool-petaled, virgin white,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Pure as the morning, mystical as night;</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Not bold gardenias, flaunting their expense</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Like courtesans, in perfumed insolence,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Nor brazen orchids, feverishly bright.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>Give me no hothouse violets, cold, polite,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>With lengths of costly ribbon girdled tight⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Matrons, in corseted magnificence;</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i3">Give me a rose.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>One girlish blossom proffer as your mite.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Ah, lovelier by far within my sight</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Than rich exotics’ glamorous pretense</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Is one shy rose, sweet in its diffidence.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And then besides, my love, the price is right;</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i3">Give me a rose.</span>
			</p>
		</article>
		<article epub:type="z3998:poem">
			<h2 epub:type="title">Song of the Conventions</h2>
			<p>
				<span>We’d dance, with grapes in our wind-tossed hair,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">And garments of swirling smoke;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>We’d fling wild song to the amorous air,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">‘Till the long-dead gods awoke.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Our quivering bodies, young and white,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Poised light by the brooklet’s brink,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>We’d whirl and leap through the moon-mad night⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">But what would the neighbors think?</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>We’d bid the workaday world go hang,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">And idle the seasons through;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>We’d pay no tribute of thought or pang</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">To the world that once we knew.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>With hearts in ecstasy intertwined,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">In languorous, sweet content,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>We’d leave all worry and care behind⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">But how would we pay the rent?</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>We’d roam the universe, hand in hand,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Through tropical climes, or cold,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And find each spot was a wonderland,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">A country of pearl and gold.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Our hearts as light as the sunlit foam,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">We’d voyage the oceans o’er,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>With never a thought for those at home⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">But wouldn’t our folks be sore?</span>
			</p>
		</article>
		<article epub:type="z3998:poem">
			<h2 epub:type="title">Song [2]</h2>
			<p>
				<span>Clarabelle has golden hair,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Mabel’s eyes are blue,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Nancy’s form is passing fair,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Mary’s heart is true.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Chloë’s heart has proved to be</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Something else again;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Not so much on looks is she,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">But she gets the men.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>Doris deals in verse and prose,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Stella’s brow is high,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Martha, swift and skillful, sews,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Maud can bake a pie.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Chloë neither sews nor cooks,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Cannot swing a pen,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Doesn’t seem to run to books;</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">She just gets the men.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>Winnie’s gayly dancing feet</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Fly on fairy wings;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Silver bells ring, clear and sweet,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">When Belinda sings.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Fair and true and talented</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Are they all⁠—but then</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Little Chloë knocks them dead;</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Chloë gets the men.</span>
			</p>
		</article>
	</body>
</html>
